Installed Packages
acl.x86_64                                                        2.2.53-1.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                                        20171205-12.an8                                                   @AppStream
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                             20171205-12.an8                                                   @AppStream
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                                         20180407-10.an8                                                   @AppStream
annobin.x86_64                                                    10.94-1.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
anolis-compat-release.noarch                                      8.6-1.an8                                                         @System   
anolis-gpg-keys.noarch                                            8.8-2.an8                                                         @System   
anolis-release.x86_64                                             8.8-2.an8                                                         @System   
anolis-repos.x86_64                                               8.8-2.an8                                                         @System   
appx-util.x86_64                                                  0.5-2.el8                                                         @epel     
asciidoc.noarch                                                   9.1.0-3.an8                                                       @AppStream
atk.x86_64                                                        2.36.0-5.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
audit-libs.x86_64                                                 3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
autoconf.noarch                                                   2.69-29.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
automake.noarch                                                   1.16.2-6.0.2.an8                                                  @AppStream
avahi-libs.x86_64                                                 0.7-20.an8                                                        @BaseOS   
basesystem.noarch                                                 11-5.0.1.an8                                                      @System   
bash.x86_64                                                       4.4.20-4.an8_6                                                    @System   
bash-completion.noarch                                            1:2.7-5.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
bind-export-libs.x86_64                                           32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                @BaseOS   
binutils.x86_64                                                   2.30-119.0.2.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
bison.x86_64                                                      3.7.4-5.an8                                                       @AppStream
boost-atomic.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-chrono.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-date-time.x86_64                                            1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-filesystem.x86_64                                           1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-regex.x86_64                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-system.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-thread.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
boost-timer.x86_64                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
brotli.x86_64                                                     1.0.6-3.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
buildah.x86_64                                                    1:1.29.1-2.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                      @AppStream
byacc.x86_64                                                      2.0.20210109-4.an8                                                @AppStream
bzip2.x86_64                                                      1.0.6-26.el8                                                      @BaseOS   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                                 1.0.6-26.el8                                                      @System   
ca-certificates.noarch                                            2023.2.60_v7.0.306-80.0.an8                                       @BaseOS   
cairo.x86_64                                                      1.17.4-7.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                              1.17.4-7.an8                                                      @AppStream
checkpolicy.x86_64                                                2.9-1.el8                                                         @BaseOS   
chkconfig.x86_64                                                  1.19.1-1.an8                                                      @System   
container-selinux.noarch                                          2:2.205.0-2.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                         @AppStream
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                                1:1.2.0-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                       @AppStream
containers-common.x86_64                                          2:1-64.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                          @AppStream
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                           4.0-3.an8                                                         @AppStream
coreutils-single.x86_64                                           8.30-15.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
cpio.x86_64                                                       2.12-11.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
cpp.x86_64                                                        8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @AppStream
cracklib.x86_64                                                   2.9.6-15.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                             2.9.6-15.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
criu.x86_64                                                       3.15-4.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11097+730be896                          @AppStream
crypto-policies.noarch                                            20221215-1.gitece0092.an8                                         @BaseOS   
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                                    20221215-1.gitece0092.an8                                         @BaseOS   
cryptsetup.x86_64                                                 2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                            2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
ctags.x86_64                                                      5.8-23.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
cups-libs.x86_64                                                  1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
curl.x86_64                                                       7.61.1-31.0.3.an8.2                                               @BaseOS   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                             2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                @System   
dbus.x86_64                                                       1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
dbus-common.noarch                                                1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                                1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
dbus-glib.x86_64                                                  0.110-2.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                                  1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
dbus-tools.x86_64                                                 1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
debootstrap.noarch                                                1.0.127-3.el8                                                     @epel     
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                                        2.35-7.an8                                                        @System   
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                          2.35-7.an8                                                        @System   
device-mapper.x86_64                                              8:1.02.181-9.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                        8:1.02.181-9.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                                   8:1.02.181-9.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                         8:1.02.181-9.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                              0.9.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
dhcp-client.x86_64                                                12:4.3.6-49.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
dhcp-common.noarch                                                12:4.3.6-49.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                                  12:4.3.6-49.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
diffstat.x86_64                                                   1.64-6.an8                                                        @AppStream
diffutils.x86_64                                                  3.6-6.0.1.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                                      1.97-1.el8                                                        @epel     
dnf.noarch                                                        4.7.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
dnf-data.noarch                                                   4.7.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                           4.0.21-19.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                               1.0-69.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                                          1.79.2-9.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
dosfstools.x86_64                                                 4.1-6.0.1.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
dpkg.x86_64                                                       1.20.9-4.el8                                                      @epel     
dracut.x86_64                                                     049-223.git20230119.an8                                           @BaseOS   
dracut-network.x86_64                                             049-223.git20230119.an8                                           @BaseOS   
dracut-squash.x86_64                                              049-223.git20230119.an8                                           @BaseOS   
dwz.x86_64                                                        0.14-3.an8                                                        @AppStream
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                                  1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                             1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
efi-filesystem.noarch                                             3-3.0.3.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                                            3-3.0.3.an8                                                       @AppStream
efivar-libs.x86_64                                                37-4.0.3.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
elfutils.x86_64                                                   0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                                 0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64                           0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                                0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                             0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                            0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                                      0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                              0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                                           1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                @BaseOS   
environment-modules.x86_64                                        4.5.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
epel-release.noarch                                               8-19.el8                                                          @epel     
ethtool.x86_64                                                    2:5.13-2.an8                                                      @System   
expat.x86_64                                                      2.2.5-11.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
expect.x86_64                                                     5.45.4-5.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
file.x86_64                                                       5.33-24.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
file-libs.x86_64                                                  5.33-24.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
filesystem.x86_64                                                 3.8-6.0.1.an8                                                     @System   
findutils.x86_64                                                  1:4.6.0-20.0.2.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
flex.x86_64                                                       2.6.4-9.an8                                                       @AppStream
fontconfig.x86_64                                                 2.13.1-4.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                                    1.44-22.el8                                                       @System   
freetype.x86_64                                                   2.10.4-9.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
fribidi.x86_64                                                    1.0.4-9.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
fuse-common.x86_64                                                3.3.0-16.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
fuse-libs.x86_64                                                  2.9.7-16.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                             1.11-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                          @AppStream
fuse3.x86_64                                                      3.3.0-16.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                                 3.3.0-16.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
gawk.x86_64                                                       4.2.1-4.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
gc.x86_64                                                         8.0.4-7.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
gcc.x86_64                                                        8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @AppStream
gcc-c++.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @AppStream
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                             8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @AppStream
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst.x86_64                                     11.0.0-2.an8                                                      @AppStream
gcc-toolset-11-runtime.x86_64                                     11.1-1.an8                                                        @AppStream
gd.x86_64                                                         2.2.5-7.an8                                                       @AppStream
gdb.x86_64                                                        9.2-7.0.4.an8                                                     @AppStream
gdb-headless.x86_64                                               9.2-7.0.4.an8                                                     @AppStream
gdbm.x86_64                                                       1:1.18-2.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                                  1:1.18-2.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
gdisk.x86_64                                                      1.0.7-5.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                                2.42.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                                        2.42.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
gettext.x86_64                                                    0.19.8.1-17.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
gettext-common-devel.noarch                                       0.19.8.1-17.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
gettext-devel.x86_64                                              0.19.8.1-17.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
gettext-libs.x86_64                                               0.19.8.1-17.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                                            1.4.2-7.el8                                                       @AppStream
git.x86_64                                                        2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
git-core.x86_64                                                   2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
git-core-doc.noarch                                               2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
glib2.x86_64                                                      2.68.4-6.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
glibc.x86_64                                                      2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @BaseOS   
glibc-common.x86_64                                               2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @BaseOS   
glibc-devel.x86_64                                                2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @BaseOS   
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @AppStream
glibc-headers.x86_64                                              2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @BaseOS   
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @BaseOS   
glibc-minimal-langpack.x86_64                                     2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                @BaseOS   
gmp.x86_64                                                        1:6.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                @System   
gnupg2.x86_64                                                     2.2.20-3.an8_6                                                    @System   
gnutls.x86_64                                                     3.6.16-6.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                             2-17.0.2.an8                                                      @AppStream
gobject-introspection.x86_64                                      1.68.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                                    20120715-13.el8                                                   @AppStream
gpgme.x86_64                                                      1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 @System   
gpm-libs.x86_64                                                   1.20.7-17.an8                                                     @AppStream
graphite2.x86_64                                                  1.3.14-9.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
graphviz.x86_64                                                   2.40.1-44.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
grep.x86_64                                                       3.1-6.el8                                                         @System   
groff-base.x86_64                                                 1.22.3-18.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
grub2-common.noarch                                               1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                              1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                                       1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                                      1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-pc.x86_64                                                   1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                           1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-tools.x86_64                                                1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                                            1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                          1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                        1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              @BaseOS   
grubby.x86_64                                                     8.40-47.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                                      3.24.31-2.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
gtk2.x86_64                                                       2.24.32-5.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
guile.x86_64                                                      5:2.0.14-7.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
gzip.x86_64                                                       1.9-13.an8                                                        @BaseOS   
hardlink.x86_64                                                   1:1.3-6.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
harfbuzz.x86_64                                                   2.7.4-8.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                         0.17-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
hostname.x86_64                                                   3.20-6.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                              1.3.2-12.0.2.an8                                                  @System   
info.x86_64                                                       6.5-7.0.1.an8                                                     @System   
intltool.noarch                                                   0.51.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
ipcalc.x86_64                                                     0.2.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
iproute.x86_64                                                    5.18.0-1.1.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
iptables.x86_64                                                   1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
iptables-libs.x86_64                                              1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
iputils.x86_64                                                    20180629-10.0.1.an8                                               @System   
isl.x86_64                                                        0.16.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
jansson.x86_64                                                    2.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                                1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         @AppStream
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                                    5.3.0-1.module+an8.4.0+10468+3b8a3d18                             @AppStream
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                              0.19-7.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                               2.1-14.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
jna.x86_64                                                        5.6.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
json-c.x86_64                                                     0.13.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
kbd.x86_64                                                        2.0.4-10.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
kbd-legacy.noarch                                                 2.0.4-10.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
kbd-misc.noarch                                                   2.0.4-10.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
kernel-headers.x86_64                                             4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           @BaseOS   
kexec-tools.x86_64                                                2.0.25-5.0.2.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                              1.5.10-9.an8                                                      @System   
kiwi-cli.noarch                                                   9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps.x86_64                                            9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps-bootloaders.x86_64                                9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps-containers.x86_64                                 9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps-core.x86_64                                       9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps-disk-images.x86_64                                9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps-filesystems.x86_64                                9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-systemdeps-iso-media.x86_64                                  9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kiwi-tools.x86_64                                                 9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
kmod.x86_64                                                       25-19.0.2.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
kmod-libs.x86_64                                                  25-19.0.2.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
kpartx.x86_64                                                     0.8.4-37.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                                  1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
langpacks-core-en.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        @System   
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        @System   
langpacks-en.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        @System   
lcms2.x86_64                                                      2.9-2.0.1.an8                                                     @AppStream
less.x86_64                                                       530-1.0.1.an8                                                     @System   
libICE.x86_64                                                     1.0.10-8.an8                                                      @AppStream
libSM.x86_64                                                      1.2.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libX11.x86_64                                                     1.7.0-7.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
libX11-common.noarch                                              1.7.0-7.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
libXau.x86_64                                                     1.0.9-8.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
libXaw.x86_64                                                     1.0.13-10.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
libXcomposite.x86_64                                              0.4.5-7.an8                                                       @AppStream
libXcursor.x86_64                                                 1.2.0-7.an8                                                       @AppStream
libXdamage.x86_64                                                 1.1.5-7.an8                                                       @AppStream
libXext.x86_64                                                    1.3.4-8.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
libXfixes.x86_64                                                  5.0.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libXft.x86_64                                                     2.3.3-8.an8                                                       @AppStream
libXi.x86_64                                                      1.7.10-1.an8                                                      @AppStream
libXinerama.x86_64                                                1.1.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libXmu.x86_64                                                     1.1.3-8.an8                                                       @AppStream
libXpm.x86_64                                                     3.5.13-8.an8                                                      @AppStream
libXrandr.x86_64                                                  1.5.2-8.an8                                                       @AppStream
libXrender.x86_64                                                 0.9.10-7.el8                                                      @BaseOS   
libXt.x86_64                                                      1.2.0-6.an8                                                       @AppStream
libacl.x86_64                                                     2.2.53-1.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
libaio.x86_64                                                     0.3.112-1.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libarchive.x86_64                                                 3.5.3-4.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
libasan.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libassuan.x86_64                                                  2.5.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libatomic.x86_64                                                  8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libattr.x86_64                                                    2.4.48-3.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                              1.5.8-10.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
libblkid.x86_64                                                   2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libbpf.x86_64                                                     0.5.0-1.0.2.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
libburn.x86_64                                                    1.5.4-4.an8                                                       @AppStream
libcap.x86_64                                                     2.48-5.an8                                                        @BaseOS   
libcap-ng.x86_64                                                  0.7.11-1.an8                                                      @System   
libcom_err.x86_64                                                 1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
libcomps.x86_64                                                   0.1.18-1.an8                                                      @System   
libcroco.x86_64                                                   0.6.12-4.0.1.an8.1                                                @BaseOS   
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                                            7.61.1-31.0.3.an8.2                                               @BaseOS   
libdatrie.x86_64                                                  0.2.13-4.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
libdb.x86_64                                                      5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 @System   
libdb-utils.x86_64                                                5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 @System   
libdnf.x86_64                                                     0.63.0-14.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libedit.x86_64                                                    3.1-23.20170329cvs.0.1.an8                                        @BaseOS   
libevent.x86_64                                                   2.1.8-5.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
libfdisk.x86_64                                                   2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libffi.x86_64                                                     3.1-24.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
libfontenc.x86_64                                                 1.1.3-8.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libgcc.x86_64                                                     8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libgcrypt.x86_64                                                  1.8.5-7.0.1.an8_6                                                 @System   
libgomp.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                               1.42-5.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
libgs.x86_64                                                      9.54.0-10.an8                                                     @AppStream
libibverbs.x86_64                                                 44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  @BaseOS   
libicu.x86_64                                                     60.3-2.0.2.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
libidn2.x86_64                                                    2.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libijs.x86_64                                                     0.35-5.el8                                                        @AppStream
libipt.x86_64                                                     1.6.1-8.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libisoburn.x86_64                                                 1.5.4-4.an8                                                       @AppStream
libisofs.x86_64                                                   1.5.4-4.an8                                                       @AppStream
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                              2.0.90-6.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
libkcapi.x86_64                                                   1.2.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                                          1.2.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libksba.x86_64                                                    1.3.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
libmetalink.x86_64                                                0.1.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
libmnl.x86_64                                                     1.0.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libmodulemd.x86_64                                                2.13.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
libmount.x86_64                                                   2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libmpc.x86_64                                                     1.1.0-9.1.an8                                                     @AppStream
libnet.x86_64                                                     1.2-6.an8                                                         @AppStream
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                                     1.0.6-5.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                               1.0.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libnftnl.x86_64                                                   1.1.5-5.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
libnghttp2.x86_64                                                 1.33.0-3.0.1.an8.1                                                @System   
libnl3.x86_64                                                     3.7.0-1.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
libnsl2.x86_64                                                    1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                                    @System   
libpaper.x86_64                                                   1.1.28-4.an8                                                      @AppStream
libpcap.x86_64                                                    14:1.9.1-5.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
libpeas.x86_64                                                    1.22.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libpipeline.x86_64                                                1.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
libpkgconf.x86_64                                                 1.4.2-1.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
libpng.x86_64                                                     2:1.6.34-5.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
libpsl.x86_64                                                     0.20.2-6.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
libpwquality.x86_64                                               1.4.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
librepo.x86_64                                                    1.14.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libreport-filesystem.x86_64                                       2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  @System   
librsvg2.x86_64                                                   2.50.7-1.0.2.an8                                                  @AppStream
libseccomp.x86_64                                                 2.5.2-1.0.4.an8                                                   @System   
libselinux.x86_64                                                 2.9-8.an8                                                         @BaseOS   
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                           2.9-8.an8                                                         @BaseOS   
libsemanage.x86_64                                                2.9-9.an8_6                                                       @System   
libsepol.x86_64                                                   2.9-3.0.1.an8                                                     @System   
libsigsegv.x86_64                                                 2.11-5.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
libslirp.x86_64                                                   4.4.0-1.module+an8.7.0+11008+881d4b66                             @AppStream
libsmartcols.x86_64                                               2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libsolv.x86_64                                                    0.7.20-4.an8                                                      @System   
libss.x86_64                                                      1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libstdc++.x86_64                                                  8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                            8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @AppStream
libtasn1.x86_64                                                   4.13-4.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
libthai.x86_64                                                    0.1.28-8.an8                                                      @AppStream
libtiff.x86_64                                                    4.4.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libtirpc.x86_64                                                   1.3.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libtool.x86_64                                                    2.4.6-25.0.3.an8                                                  @AppStream
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                               2.4.6-25.0.3.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libubsan.x86_64                                                   8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libunistring.x86_64                                               0.9.9-3.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
libusbx.x86_64                                                    1.0.23-4.an8                                                      @System   
libutempter.x86_64                                                1.1.6-14.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
libuuid.x86_64                                                    2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
libverto.x86_64                                                   0.3.2-2.an8                                                       @System   
libwebp.x86_64                                                    1.2.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
libxcb.x86_64                                                     1.13.1-1.el8                                                      @BaseOS   
libxcrypt.x86_64                                                  4.1.1-6.0.3.an8                                                   @System   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                                            4.1.1-6.0.3.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                               1.0.3-4.an8                                                       @AppStream
libxml2.x86_64                                                    2.9.7-17.0.2.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libxslt.x86_64                                                    1.1.32-6.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
libyaml.x86_64                                                    0.1.7-5.el8                                                       @System   
libzstd.x86_64                                                    1.5.1-2.0.2.an8                                                   @System   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                              1.5.1-2.0.2.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                               1.0.18-3.el8                                                      @BaseOS   
lsof.x86_64                                                       4.93.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
ltrace.x86_64                                                     0.7.91-28.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
lua.x86_64                                                        5.3.4-12.0.2.an8                                                  @AppStream
lua-libs.x86_64                                                   5.3.4-12.0.2.an8                                                  @System   
lua-posix.x86_64                                                  35.0-8.an8                                                        @AppStream
lvm2.x86_64                                                       8:2.03.14-9.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                                  8:2.03.14-9.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
lz4-libs.x86_64                                                   1.8.3-3.an8                                                       @System   
lzo.x86_64                                                        2.08-14.el8                                                       @System   
m4.x86_64                                                         1.4.18-7.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
make.x86_64                                                       1:4.2.1-11.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
man-db.x86_64                                                     2.7.6.1-18.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
mdadm.x86_64                                                      4.2-7.0.1.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
memstrack.x86_64                                                  0.2.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
microdnf.x86_64                                                   3.8.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
mokutil.x86_64                                                    1:0.3.0-12.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
mpfr.x86_64                                                       3.1.6-1.el8                                                       @System   
mtools.x86_64                                                     4.0.18-15.an8_6                                                   @BaseOS   
ncurses.x86_64                                                    6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           @BaseOS   
ncurses-base.noarch                                               6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           @BaseOS   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                               6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           @BaseOS   
nettle.x86_64                                                     3.4.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
nftables.x86_64                                                   1:0.9.3-26.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
npth.x86_64                                                       1.5-4.el8                                                         @System   
nspr.x86_64                                                       4.35.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
nss.x86_64                                                        3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
nss-softokn.x86_64                                                3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                         3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                                3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
nss-tools.x86_64                                                  3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
nss-util.x86_64                                                   3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                                          5-4.el8                                                           @AppStream
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                                       2-2.0.1.an8                                                       @AppStream
openjpeg2.x86_64                                                  2.4.0-5.an8                                                       @AppStream
openldap.x86_64                                                   2.4.46-18.an8                                                     @System   
openssh.x86_64                                                    8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
openssh-clients.x86_64                                            8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
openssl.x86_64                                                    1:1.1.1k-9.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                               1:1.1.1k-9.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                             0.4.10-3.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
os-prober.x86_64                                                  1.74-9.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
p11-kit.x86_64                                                    0.23.22-1.0.1.an8                                                 @System   
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                              0.23.22-1.0.1.an8                                                 @System   
pam.x86_64                                                        1.3.1-25.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
pango.x86_64                                                      1.48.7-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
parted.x86_64                                                     3.2-39.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
patch.x86_64                                                      2.7.6-11.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
patchutils.x86_64                                                 0.4.2-7.an8                                                       @AppStream
pcre.x86_64                                                       8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
pcre2.x86_64                                                      10.32-3.0.1.an8_6                                                 @System   
perl.x86_64                                                       4:5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                                        1.1903-9.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                                           2.30-1.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                                           1.60-3.el8                                                        @AppStream
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                                    0.99-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-B-Debug.noarch                                               1.26-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-CPAN.noarch                                                  2.18-397.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                             2.150010-396.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                                2.140-396.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                                        0.018-397.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
perl-Carp.noarch                                                  1.42-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                                        2.26-6.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                                    2.081-1.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                                     2.081-1.0.2.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                                         0.30-1.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                               1.842-1.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                           2.167-399.0.2.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                                          0.110-6.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-Data-Section.noarch                                          0.200007-3.el8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                                          3.36-5.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                                            1.26-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                                     1.06-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                                            0.81-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Digest.noarch                                                1.17-395.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                                            2.55-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                                            1:6.02-1.an8                                                      @AppStream
perl-Encode.x86_64                                                4:2.97-3.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                                         1.05-10.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             @AppStream
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                                          4:2.97-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Env.noarch                                                   1.04-395.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Errno.x86_64                                                 1.28-422.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Error.noarch                                                 1:0.17025-2.el8                                                   @AppStream
perl-Exporter.noarch                                              5.72-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                                     1:0.280230-2.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                                      1:7.34-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                                        1.34-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                                      2.14-4.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                                     1:7.34-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                                    1:7.34-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                                     1.70-395.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                                     1.06-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                                      1:3.35-2.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                                            0.001-9.el8                                                       @AppStream
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                                            0.56-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                                          1.002-4.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-File-Path.noarch                                             2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                             0.230.600-1.0.1.an8                                               @BaseOS   
perl-File-Which.noarch                                            1.22-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Filter.x86_64                                                2:1.58-2.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                                         0.94-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                           1:2.50-4.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Git.noarch                                                   2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                             0.074-1.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
perl-IO.x86_64                                                    1.38-422.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                                           2.081-1.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                                          0.39-5.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                                         2.066-4.module+an8.7.0+10903+63bf0065                             @AppStream
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                               1:1.10-422.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                               2:1.02-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                              2.07-397.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                                     1.25-17.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                               1:2.97.001-3.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                                          3.57-1.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                                       1.28-396.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                                1:0.21-422.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                                           3.15-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                                            0.13-4.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                                           1:1.9998.11-7.0.1.an8                                             @BaseOS   
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                                  0.500.600-6.0.1.an8                                               @AppStream
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                                           0.2614-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                                          1.59-422.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Memoize.noarch                                               1.03-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Module-Build.noarch                                          2:0.42.24-5.0.1.an8                                               @AppStream
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                                       1:5.20181130-1.0.1.an8                                            @AppStream
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                                 1:5.20181130-1.0.1.an8                                            @AppStream
perl-Module-Load.noarch                                           1:0.32-395.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                               0.68-395.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                                         1:0.08-422.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                                       1.000033-395.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                                            20160104-7.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                          @AppStream
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                              2.55-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                                            1.88-2.module+an8.7.0+10903+63bf0065                              @AppStream
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                                     1.106-11.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Params-Check.noarch                                          1:0.38-395.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                                           1.07-22.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                             3.74-1.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                                           1.010-396.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                                0.08-395.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                                           4:1.73-395.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                           1:1.07-395.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                              1.22.02-422.0.1.an8                                               @AppStream
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                                            1.63-396.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                           3.28-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                            1:3.35-395.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                             4:1.69-395.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                                     3:1.49-2.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                                            1.23-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Socket.x86_64                                                4:2.027-3.0.2.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
perl-Software-License.noarch                                      0.103013-2.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-Storable.x86_64                                              1:3.11-3.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                                          0.987-15.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                                           0.928-14.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                                            0.35-397.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                                        4.06-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                              1.17-395.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                                           2.37-7.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Test.noarch                                                  1.30-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                          1:3.42-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                                           1:1.302135-1.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                                         2.03-395.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                             1.45-2.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                             0.11-4.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                                       3.30-395.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                                        2013.0523-395.0.1.an8                                             @BaseOS   
perl-Text-Template.noarch                                         1.51-1.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                          3.13-1.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                            4:1.9758-2.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                            1:1.280-1.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                                            1.31-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-URI.noarch                                                   1.73-3.el8                                                        @BaseOS   
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                                       1.25-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                                     1.25-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                                            2.44-11.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-autodie.noarch                                               2.29-396.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-bignum.noarch                                                0.49-2.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-constant.noarch                                              1.33-396.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-devel.x86_64                                                 4:5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-encoding.x86_64                                              4:2.22-3.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-experimental.noarch                                          0.019-2.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
perl-generators.noarch                                            1.10-9.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
perl-inc-latest.noarch                                            2:0.500-9.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
perl-interpreter.x86_64                                           4:5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
perl-libnet.noarch                                                3.11-3.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                             4:5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-libs.x86_64                                                  4:5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
perl-local-lib.noarch                                             2.000024-2.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-macros.x86_64                                                4:5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                              @BaseOS   
perl-open.noarch                                                  1.11-422.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
perl-parent.noarch                                                1:0.237-1.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                               5.20180605-1.0.1.an8                                              @AppStream
perl-podlators.noarch                                             4.11-1.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                                           1-25.el8                                                          @AppStream
perl-threads.x86_64                                               1:2.21-2.0.2.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                        1.58-2.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
perl-utils.noarch                                                 5.26.3-422.0.1.an8                                                @AppStream
perl-version.x86_64                                               6:0.99.24-1.0.2.an8                                               @AppStream
pesign.x86_64                                                     0.112-27.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
pigz.x86_64                                                       2.4-4.el8                                                         @BaseOS   
pixman.x86_64                                                     0.40.0-5.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
pkgconf.x86_64                                                    1.4.2-1.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                                 1.4.2-1.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                                         1.4.2-1.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
platform-python.x86_64                                            3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                @BaseOS   
platform-python-pip.noarch                                        9.0.3-22.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
platform-python-setuptools.noarch                                 39.2.0-7.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
policycoreutils.x86_64                                            2.9-24.an8                                                        @BaseOS   
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                               2.9-24.an8                                                        @BaseOS   
popt.x86_64                                                       1.18-1.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
procps-ng.x86_64                                                  3.3.15-13.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
protobuf-c.x86_64                                                 1.3.0-6.an8                                                       @AppStream
psmisc.x86_64                                                     23.1-5.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                                    20180723-1.el8                                                    @BaseOS   
python-rpm-macros.noarch                                          3-45.an8                                                          @AppStream
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                         3-45.an8                                                          @AppStream
python3-audit.x86_64                                              3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                                     4.6.3-2.el8.1                                                     @epel     
python3-chardet.noarch                                            3.0.4-7.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
python3-cssselect.noarch                                          0.9.2-10.el8                                                      @epel     
python3-dateutil.noarch                                           1:2.6.1-6.el8                                                     @BaseOS   
python3-dbus.x86_64                                               1.2.4-15.0.2.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
python3-dnf.noarch                                                4.7.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                                   4.0.21-19.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
python3-docopt.noarch                                             0.6.2-15.el8                                                      @epel     
python3-gpg.x86_64                                                1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 @System   
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                             0.63.0-14.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
python3-html5lib.noarch                                           1:0.999999999-6.el8                                               @AppStream
python3-idna.noarch                                               2.5-5.el8                                                         @BaseOS   
python3-kiwi.noarch                                               9.25.16-1.el8                                                     @epel     
python3-libcomps.x86_64                                           0.1.18-1.an8                                                      @System   
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                             0.63.0-14.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
python3-libs.x86_64                                               3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                @BaseOS   
python3-libselinux.x86_64                                         2.9-8.an8                                                         @BaseOS   
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                                        2.9-9.an8_6                                                       @BaseOS   
python3-lxml.x86_64                                               4.2.3-4.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
python3-pip.noarch                                                9.0.3-22.an8                                                      @AppStream
python3-pip-wheel.noarch                                          9.0.3-22.an8                                                      @System   
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                                    2.9-24.an8                                                        @BaseOS   
python3-pyparsing.noarch                                          2.1.10-7.el8                                                      @BaseOS   
python3-pysocks.noarch                                            1.6.8-3.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                             3.12-12.el8                                                       @BaseOS   
python3-requests.noarch                                           2.20.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                                4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                                         3-45.an8                                                          @AppStream
python3-setools.x86_64                                            4.3.0-3.an8                                                       @BaseOS   
python3-setuptools.noarch                                         39.2.0-7.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
python3-setuptools-wheel.noarch                                   39.2.0-7.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
python3-simplejson.x86_64                                         3.17.0-2.el8                                                      @epel     
python3-six.noarch                                                1.11.0-8.el8                                                      @BaseOS   
python3-systemd.x86_64                                            234-8.an8                                                         @BaseOS   
python3-typing-extensions.noarch                                  3.7.4.3-2.el8                                                     @epel     
python3-unbound.x86_64                                            1.16.2-3.an8                                                      @AppStream
python3-urllib3.noarch                                            1.24.2-5.an8                                                      @BaseOS   
python3-webencodings.noarch                                       0.5.1-6.el8                                                       @AppStream
python36.x86_64                                                   3.6.8-38.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            @AppStream
qemu-img.x86_64                                                   15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     @AppStream
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                                            5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  @AppStream
readline.x86_64                                                   7.0-10.0.1.an8                                                    @System   
rootfiles.noarch                                                  8.1-22.el8                                                        @System   
rpm.x86_64                                                        4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
rpm-build.x86_64                                                  4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                             4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                                   4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                                         4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                                 4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
rpm-sign.x86_64                                                   4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
rsync.x86_64                                                      3.1.3-19.0.1.an8.1                                                @BaseOS   
runc.x86_64                                                       1:1.1.4-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11023+66eacf17                       @AppStream
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                                           5-2.0.1.an8                                                       @AppStream
scl-utils.x86_64                                                  1:2.0.3-4.an8                                                     @AppStream
screen.x86_64                                                     4.6.2-12.el8                                                      @epel     
sed.x86_64                                                        4.5-5.0.1.an8                                                     @System   
selinux-policy.noarch                                             3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                                    3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                @BaseOS   
setup.noarch                                                      2.12.2-9.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
sgml-common.noarch                                                0.6.3-50.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
shadow-utils.x86_64                                               2:4.6-17.0.1.an8                                                  @System   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                           2.1-5.0.1.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
skopeo.x86_64                                                     2:1.11.2-0.2.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                    @AppStream
slirp4netns.x86_64                                                1.2.0-2.module+an8.7.0+11008+881d4b66                             @AppStream
snappy.x86_64                                                     1.1.8-3.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
source-highlight.x86_64                                           3.1.9-11.an8                                                      @AppStream
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                                3.26.0-18.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                             4.3-20.an8                                                        @System   
strace.x86_64                                                     5.18-2.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
sudo.x86_64                                                       1.8.29-10.an8                                                     @BaseOS   
syslinux.x86_64                                                   6.04-6.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                                          6.04-6.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
system-rpm-config.noarch                                          129-1.0.2.an8                                                     @AppStream
systemd.x86_64                                                    239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  @BaseOS   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                               239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  @BaseOS   
systemd-pam.x86_64                                                239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  @BaseOS   
systemd-udev.x86_64                                               239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  @BaseOS   
systemtap.x86_64                                                  4.8-2.an8                                                         @AppStream
systemtap-client.x86_64                                           4.8-2.an8                                                         @AppStream
systemtap-devel.x86_64                                            4.8-2.an8                                                         @AppStream
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                                          4.8-2.an8                                                         @AppStream
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                                        4.8-2.an8                                                         @AppStream
tar.x86_64                                                        2:1.30-9.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
tbb.x86_64                                                        2018.2-9.el8                                                      @AppStream
tcl.x86_64                                                        1:8.6.8-2.el8                                                     @BaseOS   
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                                   2.3.2-4.0.1.an8                                                   @System   
trousers.x86_64                                                   0.3.15-1.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
trousers-lib.x86_64                                               0.3.15-1.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
tzdata.noarch                                                     2023c-1.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
tzdata-java.noarch                                                2023c-1.0.1.an8                                                   @AppStream
unbound-libs.x86_64                                               1.16.2-3.an8                                                      @AppStream
unzip.x86_64                                                      6.0-46.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                                   20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                                      20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                                  20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                                           20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                                    20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                                    20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch                            20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                              20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                               20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                                      20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch                       20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                                      20200910-6.an8                                                    @AppStream
util-linux.x86_64                                                 2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 @BaseOS   
valgrind.x86_64                                                   1:3.19.0-3.an8                                                    @AppStream
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                             1:3.19.0-3.an8                                                    @AppStream
vim-common.x86_64                                                 2:8.0.1763-19.0.1.an8_6.4                                         @AppStream
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                               2:8.0.1763-19.0.1.an8_6.4                                         @AppStream
vim-filesystem.noarch                                             2:8.0.1763-19.0.1.an8_6.4                                         @AppStream
vim-minimal.x86_64                                                2:8.0.1763-19.0.1.an8_6.4                                         @System   
wget.x86_64                                                       1.19.5-11.0.1.an8                                                 @AppStream
which.x86_64                                                      2.21-18.0.1.an8                                                   @BaseOS   
xfsprogs.x86_64                                                   5.0.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
xkeyboard-config.noarch                                           2.28-1.0.1.an8                                                    @AppStream
xml-common.noarch                                                 0.6.3-50.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                                        1:7.5-41.0.2.an8                                                  @AppStream
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                        @AppStream
xorriso.x86_64                                                    1.5.4-4.an8                                                       @AppStream
xz.x86_64                                                         5.2.4-4.an8_6                                                     @System   
xz-devel.x86_64                                                   5.2.4-4.an8_6                                                     @BaseOS   
xz-libs.x86_64                                                    5.2.4-4.an8_6                                                     @System   
yum.noarch                                                        4.7.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  @BaseOS   
zip.x86_64                                                        3.0-23.0.1.an8                                                    @BaseOS   
zlib.x86_64                                                       1.2.11-19.0.1.an8_6                                               @System   
zlib-devel.x86_64                                                 1.2.11-19.0.1.an8_6                                               @BaseOS   
zstd.x86_64                                                       1.5.1-2.0.2.an8                                                   @AppStream
Available Packages
3proxy.x86_64                                                     0.8.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
6tunnel.x86_64                                                    0.13-1.el8                                                        epel      
AMF-devel.noarch                                                  1.4.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
AMF-samples.noarch                                                1.4.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
Agda.x86_64                                                       2.5.3-14.el8                                                      epel      
AusweisApp2.x86_64                                                1.22.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
AusweisApp2-data.noarch                                           1.22.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
AusweisApp2-doc.noarch                                            1.22.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
BackupPC.x86_64                                                   4.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
BackupPC-XS.x86_64                                                0.62-1.el8                                                        epel      
BibTool.x86_64                                                    2.68-1.el8                                                        epel      
Box2D.x86_64                                                      2.4.1-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
CCfits.x86_64                                                     2.5-14.el8                                                        epel      
CCfits-devel.x86_64                                               2.5-14.el8                                                        epel      
CCfits-doc.noarch                                                 2.5-14.el8                                                        epel      
CFR.noarch                                                        0.151-9.el8                                                       epel      
CFR-javadoc.noarch                                                0.151-9.el8                                                       epel      
CGSI-gSOAP.x86_64                                                 1.3.11-7.el8                                                      epel      
CGSI-gSOAP-devel.x86_64                                           1.3.11-7.el8                                                      epel      
CUnit.x86_64                                                      2.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
CUnit-devel.x86_64                                                2.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
CUnit-doc.noarch                                                  2.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
CharLS.x86_64                                                     2.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
CharLS-devel.x86_64                                               2.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
DNS-Compliance-Testing.x86_64                                     0^20230708git4aea40b-1.el8                                        epel      
Field3D.x86_64                                                    1.7.2-16.el8                                                      epel      
Field3D-devel.x86_64                                              1.7.2-16.el8                                                      epel      
FoXlibf.x86_64                                                    4.1.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
FoXlibf-devel.x86_64                                              4.1.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
FoXlibf-static.x86_64                                             4.1.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
GConf2.x86_64                                                     3.2.6-22.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
GConf2-devel.x86_64                                               3.2.6-22.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
GConf2-doc.noarch                                                 3.2.6-22.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
GMT.x86_64                                                        6.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
GMT-common.noarch                                                 6.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
GMT-devel.x86_64                                                  6.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
GMT-doc.noarch                                                    6.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
GeoIP.x86_64                                                      1.6.12-7.el8                                                      epel      
GeoIP-GeoLite-data.noarch                                         2018.06-5.el8                                                     epel      
GeoIP-GeoLite-data-extra.noarch                                   2018.06-5.el8                                                     epel      
GeoIP-devel.x86_64                                                1.6.12-7.el8                                                      epel      
GeographicLib.x86_64                                              1.50.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
GeographicLib-devel.x86_64                                        1.50.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
GeographicLib-doc.noarch                                          1.50.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                                             1.3.38-1.el8                                                      epel      
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                                         1.3.38-1.el8                                                      epel      
GraphicsMagick-c++-devel.x86_64                                   1.3.38-1.el8                                                      epel      
GraphicsMagick-devel.x86_64                                       1.3.38-1.el8                                                      epel      
GraphicsMagick-doc.noarch                                         1.3.38-1.el8                                                      epel      
GraphicsMagick-perl.x86_64                                        1.3.38-1.el8                                                      epel      
HdrHistogram.noarch                                               2.1.11-3.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                            AppStream 
HdrHistogram-javadoc.noarch                                       2.1.11-3.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                            AppStream 
HdrHistogram_c.x86_64                                             0.9.13-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
HdrHistogram_c-doc.noarch                                         0.9.13-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
HepMC.x86_64                                                      2.06.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
HepMC-devel.x86_64                                                2.06.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
HepMC-doc.noarch                                                  2.06.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
HepMC3.x86_64                                                     3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-devel.x86_64                                               3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-doc.noarch                                                 3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-interfaces-devel.noarch                                    3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-protobufIO.x86_64                                          3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-protobufIO-devel.x86_64                                    3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-rootIO.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-rootIO-devel.x86_64                                        3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-search.x86_64                                              3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
HepMC3-search-devel.x86_64                                        3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
IP2Location.x86_64                                                8.6.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
IP2Location-data-sample.x86_64                                    8.6.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
IP2Location-devel.x86_64                                          8.6.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
IP2Location-libs.x86_64                                           8.6.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
ImageMagick.x86_64                                                6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-c++.x86_64                                            6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-c++-devel.x86_64                                      6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-devel.x86_64                                          6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-djvu.x86_64                                           6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-doc.x86_64                                            6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                                           6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
ImageMagick-perl.x86_64                                           6.9.12.93-1.el8                                                   epel      
Judy.x86_64                                                       1.0.5-18.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                            AppStream 
LibRaw.x86_64                                                     0.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
LibRaw-devel.x86_64                                               0.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
Lmod.x86_64                                                       8.7.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
MUMPS.x86_64                                                      5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-common.noarch                                               5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-devel.x86_64                                                5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-examples.x86_64                                             5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-mpich.x86_64                                                5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-mpich-devel.x86_64                                          5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-mpich-examples.x86_64                                       5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-openmp.x86_64                                               5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-openmp-devel.x86_64                                         5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-openmp-examples.x86_64                                      5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-openmpi.x86_64                                              5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                        5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-openmpi-examples.x86_64                                     5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
MUMPS-srpm-macros.noarch                                          5.3.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
ModemManager.x86_64                                               1.20.2-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
ModemManager-devel.x86_64                                         1.20.2-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                                          1.20.2-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
ModemManager-glib-devel.x86_64                                    1.20.2-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
MySQL-zrm.noarch                                                  3.0-23.el8                                                        epel      
NetworkManager.x86_64                                             1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                                        1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                                   1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-cloud-setup.x86_64                                 1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch                               1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-dispatcher-routing-rules.noarch                    1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-fortisslvpn.x86_64                                 1.2.10-4.el8                                                      epel      
NetworkManager-fortisslvpn-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.10-4.el8                                                      epel      
NetworkManager-initscripts-updown.noarch                          1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                                        1.20.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
NetworkManager-l2tp-gnome.x86_64                                  1.20.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                                       1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-libnm-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                                   1.2.10-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64                             1.2.10-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                                 1.2.6-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
NetworkManager-openconnect-gnome.x86_64                           1.2.6-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                                     1:1.8.10-1.el8.1                                                  epel      
NetworkManager-openvpn-gnome.x86_64                               1:1.8.10-1.el8.1                                                  epel      
NetworkManager-ovs.x86_64                                         1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                                         1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                                        1:1.2.8-1.el8.3                                                   epel      
NetworkManager-pptp-gnome.x86_64                                  1:1.2.8-1.el8.3                                                   epel      
NetworkManager-strongswan.x86_64                                  1.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
NetworkManager-strongswan-gnome.x86_64                            1.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                                        1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                                         1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                                        1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                                        1:1.40.16-4.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
OpenColorIO.x86_64                                                1.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
OpenColorIO-devel.x86_64                                          1.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
OpenColorIO-doc.noarch                                            1.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
OpenColorIO-tools.x86_64                                          1.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
OpenEXR.x86_64                                                    2.2.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
OpenEXR-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
OpenEXR-doc.noarch                                                2.2.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                               2.2.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
OpenIPMI.x86_64                                                   2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-devel.x86_64                                             2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
OpenIPMI-doc.noarch                                               2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
OpenIPMI-lanserv.x86_64                                           2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-libs.x86_64                                              2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-perl.x86_64                                              2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
OpenImageIO.x86_64                                                2.1.20.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
OpenImageIO-devel.x86_64                                          2.1.20.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
OpenImageIO-iv.x86_64                                             2.1.20.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
OpenImageIO-utils.x86_64                                          2.1.20.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
OpenStego.noarch                                                  0.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
OpenStego-javadoc.noarch                                          0.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
PDAL.x86_64                                                       2.1.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
PDAL-devel.x86_64                                                 2.1.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
PDAL-doc.noarch                                                   2.1.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
PDAL-libs.x86_64                                                  2.1.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
PEGTL-devel.x86_64                                                2.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
PackageKit.x86_64                                                 1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                                             1.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
PackageKit-Qt5-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                               1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
PackageKit-cron.x86_64                                            1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                                            1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
PackageKit-glib-devel.x86_64                                      1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                                1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                                     1.1.12-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
Panini.x86_64                                                     0.73.0-7.el8                                                      epel      
Pound.x86_64                                                      1:2.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
PyQt-builder.noarch                                               1.13.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
PySolFC.noarch                                                    2.15.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
PySolFC-cardsets.noarch                                           2.0-18.el8                                                        epel      
PySolFC-music.noarch                                              4.50-1.el8                                                        epel      
R.x86_64                                                          4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
R-RInside.x86_64                                                  0.2.18-4.el8                                                      epel      
R-RInside-devel.x86_64                                            0.2.18-4.el8                                                      epel      
R-RInside-examples.x86_64                                         0.2.18-4.el8                                                      epel      
R-RUnit.noarch                                                    0.4.32-5.el8                                                      epel      
R-Rcpp.x86_64                                                     1.0.11-3.el8                                                      epel      
R-Rcpp-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.11-3.el8                                                      epel      
R-Rcpp-examples.x86_64                                            1.0.11-3.el8                                                      epel      
R-core.x86_64                                                     4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
R-core-devel.x86_64                                               4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
R-devel.x86_64                                                    4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
R-highlight.x86_64                                                0.5.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
R-inline.noarch                                                   0.3.19-9.el8                                                      epel      
R-java.x86_64                                                     4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
R-java-devel.x86_64                                               4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
R-littler.x86_64                                                  0.3.18-4.el8                                                      epel      
R-littler-examples.x86_64                                         0.3.18-4.el8                                                      epel      
R-qtl.x86_64                                                      1.60-1.el8                                                        epel      
R-rJava.x86_64                                                    1.0.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
R-rJava-javadoc.noarch                                            1.0.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
R-rlecuyer.x86_64                                                 0.3.5-14.el8                                                      epel      
R-rpm-macros.noarch                                               1.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
RBTools.noarch                                                    2.0.1-0.1.el8                                                     epel      
RdRand.x86_64                                                     2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
RdRand-devel.x86_64                                               2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
Rex.noarch                                                        1.14.2-0.el8                                                      epel      
SDL.x86_64                                                        1.2.15-39.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
SDL-devel.x86_64                                                  1.2.15-39.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
SDL-doc.noarch                                                    1.2.15-39.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
SDL2.x86_64                                                       2.0.10-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
SDL2-devel.x86_64                                                 2.0.10-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
SDL2-static.x86_64                                                2.0.10-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
SDL2_gfx.x86_64                                                   1.0.4-10.el8                                                      epel      
SDL2_gfx-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.4-10.el8                                                      epel      
SDL2_gfx-docs.noarch                                              1.0.4-10.el8                                                      epel      
SDL2_image.x86_64                                                 2.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
SDL2_image-devel.x86_64                                           2.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
SDL2_mixer.x86_64                                                 2.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
SDL2_mixer-devel.x86_64                                           2.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
SDL2_net.x86_64                                                   2.0.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
SDL2_net-devel.x86_64                                             2.0.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
SDL2_ttf.x86_64                                                   2.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
SDL2_ttf-devel.x86_64                                             2.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
SDL_gfx.x86_64                                                    2.0.26-1.el8                                                      epel      
SDL_gfx-devel.x86_64                                              2.0.26-1.el8                                                      epel      
SDL_image.x86_64                                                  1.2.12-31.el8                                                     epel      
SDL_image-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.12-31.el8                                                     epel      
SDL_net.x86_64                                                    1.2.8-16.el8                                                      epel      
SDL_net-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.8-16.el8                                                      epel      
ShellCheck.x86_64                                                 0.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
SoapySDR.x86_64                                                   0.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
SoapySDR-devel.x86_64                                             0.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
SoapySDR-doc.noarch                                               0.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
SuperLU.x86_64                                                    5.2.0-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
SuperLU-devel.x86_64                                              5.2.0-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
SuperLU-doc.x86_64                                                5.2.0-7.el8                                                       PowerTools
SuperLUMT.x86_64                                                  3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT-common.noarch                                           3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT-complex.x86_64                                          3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT-complex16.x86_64                                        3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT-devel.x86_64                                            3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT-double.x86_64                                           3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT64.x86_64                                                3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT64-complex.x86_64                                        3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT64-complex16.x86_64                                      3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT64-devel.x86_64                                          3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
SuperLUMT64-double.x86_64                                         3.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
TeXmacs.x86_64                                                    2.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
TeXmacs-devel.x86_64                                              2.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
Thunar.x86_64                                                     4.16.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
Thunar-devel.x86_64                                               4.16.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
Thunar-docs.x86_64                                                4.16.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
WALinuxAgent.noarch                                               2.7.0.6-8.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
WALinuxAgent-udev.noarch                                          2.7.0.6-8.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
Xaw3d.x86_64                                                      1.6.3-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
Xaw3d-devel.x86_64                                                1.6.3-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                                    3.001-10.an8                                                      BaseOS    
aalib.x86_64                                                      1.4.0-0.37.rc5.el8                                                epel      
aalib-devel.x86_64                                                1.4.0-0.37.rc5.el8                                                epel      
aalib-libs.x86_64                                                 1.4.0-0.37.rc5.el8                                                epel      
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                               2:1.5.0-2.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                       AppStream 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                                    0.301-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
abcMIDI.x86_64                                                    2020.06.29-1.el8                                                  epel      
abcm2ps.x86_64                                                    8.14.13-1.el8                                                     epel      
abcm2ps-doc.noarch                                                8.14.13-1.el8                                                     epel      
abduco.x86_64                                                     0.6-8.el8                                                         epel      
abi-compliance-checker.noarch                                     2.3-4.el8                                                         epel      
abi-dumper.noarch                                                 1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
abrt.x86_64                                                       2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                                            2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.x86_64                                 2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                                      2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                                      2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                                          2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                                            2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-cli.x86_64                                                   2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-cli-ng.x86_64                                                2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-console-notification.x86_64                                  2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                                  2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                               2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-gui.x86_64                                                   2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                              2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                                        1.1.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
abrt-libs.x86_64                                                  2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-plugin-machine-id.x86_64                                     2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                                        2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abrt-server-info-page.noarch                                      1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
abrt-tui.x86_64                                                   2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
abseil-cpp.x86_64                                                 20200923.3-1.el8                                                  epel      
abseil-cpp-devel.x86_64                                           20200923.3-1.el8                                                  epel      
accel-config.x86_64                                               3.5.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
accel-config-devel.x86_64                                         3.5.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
accel-config-doc.noarch                                           3.4.6.4-1.an8                                                     PowerTools
accel-config-libs.x86_64                                          3.5.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                                        0.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
accounts-qml-module-doc.noarch                                    0.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
accountsservice.x86_64                                            0.6.55-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
accountsservice-devel.x86_64                                      0.6.55-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                                       0.6.55-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
ack.noarch                                                        3.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
acme-tiny.noarch                                                  4.1.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
acme-tiny-core.noarch                                             4.1.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
acpica-tools.x86_64                                               20190509-5.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
acpid.x86_64                                                      2.0.32-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
acpid-doc.noarch                                                  2.0.32-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
adb-enhanced.noarch                                               2.5.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
adcli.x86_64                                                      0.9.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
adcli-doc.noarch                                                  0.9.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                                2.030.1.050-12.an8.1                                              AppStream 
adobe-source-han-sans-jp-fonts.noarch                             2.002-1.el8                                                       epel      
adobe-source-sans-pro-fonts.noarch                                3.028-1.el8                                                       epel      
adplug.x86_64                                                     2.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
adplug-devel.x86_64                                               2.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
advancecomp.x86_64                                                2.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                                       40.1.1-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                                         3.28-14.an8                                                       AppStream 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                                         40.1.1-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
adwaita-icon-theme-devel.noarch                                   40.1.1-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                                1.4.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
aeskeyfind.x86_64                                                 1.0-16.el8                                                        epel      
aespipe.x86_64                                                    2.4e-4.el8                                                        epel      
afetch.x86_64                                                     2.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
afflib.x86_64                                                     3.7.18-8.el8                                                      epel      
afflib-devel.x86_64                                               3.7.18-8.el8                                                      epel      
afftools.x86_64                                                   3.7.18-8.el8                                                      epel      
afpfs-ng.x86_64                                                   0.8.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
afpfs-ng-devel.x86_64                                             0.8.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
aggregate6.noarch                                                 1.0.12-2.el8                                                      epel      
agrep.x86_64                                                      0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                                   epel      
aha.x86_64                                                        0.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
aide.x86_64                                                       0.16-100.an8                                                      AppStream 
aiodnsbrute.noarch                                                0.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
airinv.x86_64                                                     1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
airinv-devel.x86_64                                               1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
airinv-doc.noarch                                                 1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
airrac.x86_64                                                     1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
airrac-devel.x86_64                                               1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
airrac-doc.noarch                                                 1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
airtsp.x86_64                                                     1.01.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
airtsp-devel.x86_64                                               1.01.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
airtsp-doc.noarch                                                 1.01.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
akmods.noarch                                                     0.5.6-24.el8                                                      epel      
akonadi-calendar-tools.x86_64                                     21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
akonadi-import-wizard.x86_64                                      21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
akonadi-import-wizard-devel.x86_64                                21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
akonadiconsole.x86_64                                             21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
akregator.x86_64                                                  21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
akregator-libs.x86_64                                             21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
alacarte.noarch                                                   3.36.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
alex.x86_64                                                       3.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
alibaba-puhui-fonts.noarch                                        3-1.an8                                                           AppStream 
alien.noarch                                                      8.95-14.el8                                                       epel      
alpine.x86_64                                                     2.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
alsa-firmware.noarch                                              1.2.4-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
alsa-lib.x86_64                                                   1.2.8-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                                             1.2.8-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.x86_64                                       1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.x86_64                                         1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-oss.x86_64                                           1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                                    1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.x86_64                                    1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-speex.x86_64                                         1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.x86_64                                         1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.x86_64                                     1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.x86_64                                      1.2.7.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                                          2.2.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
alsa-sof-firmware-debug.noarch                                    2.2.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
alsa-tools-firmware.x86_64                                        1.2.2-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
alsa-ucm.noarch                                                   1.2.8-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
alsa-utils.x86_64                                                 1.2.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
alsa-utils-alsabat.x86_64                                         1.2.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
altermime.x86_64                                                  0.3.10-21.el8                                                     epel      
am-utils.x86_64                                                   5:6.2.0-38.el8                                                    epel      
amanda.x86_64                                                     3.5.1-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
amanda-client.x86_64                                              3.5.1-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
amanda-libs.x86_64                                                3.5.1-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
amanda-server.x86_64                                              3.5.1-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
amavis.noarch                                                     2.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
amavis-doc.noarch                                                 2.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
amavis-snmp.noarch                                                2.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
amavisd-milter.x86_64                                             1.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-doc.noarch                                             1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-mpich.x86_64                                           1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-mpich-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-openmpi.x86_64                                         1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-serial.x86_64                                          1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amg4psblas-serial-devel.x86_64                                    1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
amiri-fonts.noarch                                                1.000-1.el8                                                       epel      
amiri-fonts-common.noarch                                         1.000-1.el8                                                       epel      
amiri-quran-fonts.noarch                                          1.000-1.el8                                                       epel      
ampache_browser.x86_64                                            1.0.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
ampache_browser-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
anaconda.x86_64                                                   33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
anaconda-core.x86_64                                              33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
anaconda-dracut.x86_64                                            33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                               33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                                  33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                               33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
anaconda-user-help.noarch                                         1:8.8.3-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                                           33.16.6.7-1.0.9.an8                                               AppStream 
analitza.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
analitza-devel.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
android-tools.x86_64                                              1:33.0.3p1-3.el8                                                  epel      
annobin-annocheck.x86_64                                          10.94-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
anolis-backgrounds.noarch                                         8.0-9.an8                                                         AppStream 
anolis-epao-release.noarch                                        8-2.an8                                                           Extras    
anolis-indexhtml.noarch                                           8-7.2.an8                                                         BaseOS    
anolis-logos.x86_64                                               8.0-9.an8                                                         BaseOS    
anolis-logos-httpd.noarch                                         8.0-9.an8                                                         BaseOS    
anolis-logos-ipa.noarch                                           8.0-9.an8                                                         AppStream 
anope.x86_64                                                      2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-gnutls.x86_64                                               2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-ldap.x86_64                                                 2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-mysql.x86_64                                                2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-openssl.x86_64                                              2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-pcre2.x86_64                                                2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-sqlite.x86_64                                               2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
anope-tre.x86_64                                                  2.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
ansible.noarch                                                    7.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-ansible-posix.noarch                           1.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-ansible-utils.noarch                           2.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-awx-awx.noarch                                 23.2.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
ansible-collection-chocolatey-chocolatey.noarch                   1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-community-docker.noarch                        2.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-community-general.noarch                       7.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-community-libvirt.noarch                       1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-community-mysql.noarch                         3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-community-rabbitmq.noarch                      1.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-collection-containers-podman.noarch                       1.10.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
ansible-collection-microsoft-sql.noarch                           1.3.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ansible-collection-microsoft-sql-doc.noarch                       1.3.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ansible-collection-netbox-netbox.noarch                           3.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ansible-core.x86_64                                               2.12.2-4.0.1.an8_7                                                AppStream 
ansible-core-doc.noarch                                           2.12.2-4.0.1.an8_7                                                PowerTools
ansible-freeipa.noarch                                            1.9.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ansible-freeipa-doc.noarch                                        1.9.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ansible-freeipa-tests.noarch                                      1.9.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ansible-packaging.noarch                                          1-8.2.el8                                                         epel      
ansible-pcp.noarch                                                2.2.5-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ansible-pcp-doc.noarch                                            2.2.5-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ansible-srpm-macros.noarch                                        1-8.2.el8                                                         epel      
ansible-test.x86_64                                               2.12.2-4.0.1.an8_7                                                AppStream 
ansifilter.x86_64                                                 2.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
ansifilter-gui.x86_64                                             2.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
ant.noarch                                                        1.10.5-1.module+an8.4.0+10490+9a974b21                            AppStream 
ant-lib.noarch                                                    1.10.5-1.module+an8.4.0+10490+9a974b21                            AppStream 
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                              1.0.0.20201109-10.el8                                             epel      
anthy-unicode-devel.x86_64                                        1.0.0.20201109-10.el8                                             epel      
aom.x86_64                                                        3.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
aopalliance.noarch                                                1.0-17.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
apache-commons-cli.noarch                                         1.4-4.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                               AppStream 
apache-commons-codec.noarch                                       1.11-3.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
apache-commons-compress.noarch                                    1.20-3.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                              AppStream 
apache-commons-digester.noarch                                    2.1-19.el8                                                        epel      
apache-commons-digester-javadoc.noarch                            2.1-19.el8                                                        epel      
apache-commons-io.noarch                                          1:2.6-3.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
apache-commons-jxpath.noarch                                      1.3-36.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                              AppStream 
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                                       3.7-3.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                               AppStream 
apache-commons-logging.noarch                                     1.2-13.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
apachetop.x86_64                                                  0.23.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
apcu-panel.noarch                                                 5.1.12-2.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                            AppStream 
apcupsd.x86_64                                                    3.14.14-18.el8                                                    epel      
apcupsd-cgi.x86_64                                                3.14.14-18.el8                                                    epel      
apcupsd-gui.x86_64                                                3.14.14-18.el8                                                    epel      
apg.x86_64                                                        2.3.0b-37.el8                                                     epel      
apiguardian.noarch                                                1.1.0-4.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
appliance-tools.noarch                                            011.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
apprise.noarch                                                    1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
appstream.x86_64                                                  0.12.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
appstream-data.noarch                                             1:9-20220302.an8.1                                                AppStream 
appstream-devel.x86_64                                            0.12.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
appstream-qt.x86_64                                               0.12.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
appstream-qt-devel.x86_64                                         0.12.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
apptainer.x86_64                                                  1.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
apptainer-suid.x86_64                                             1.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
apr.x86_64                                                        1.7.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
apr-devel.x86_64                                                  1.7.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
apr-util.x86_64                                                   1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                               1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-devel.x86_64                                             1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-ldap.x86_64                                              1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-mysql.x86_64                                             1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-odbc.x86_64                                              1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                                           1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-pgsql.x86_64                                             1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apr-util-sqlite.x86_64                                            1.6.1-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
apt-cacher-ng.x86_64                                              3.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
aqbanking.x86_64                                                  6.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
aqbanking-devel.x86_64                                            6.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ara.noarch                                                        1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
arch-install-scripts.noarch                                       28-2.el8                                                          epel      
argbash.noarch                                                    2.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
argon2.x86_64                                                     20171227-3.el8                                                    epel      
argparse-manpage.noarch                                           4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
aria2.x86_64                                                      1.35.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
arj.x86_64                                                        3.10.22-30.el8                                                    epel      
ark.x86_64                                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ark-libs.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
arm-none-eabi-binutils-cs.x86_64                                  1:2.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
arm-none-eabi-gcc-cs.x86_64                                       1:12.2.0-4.el8                                                    epel      
arm-none-eabi-gcc-cs-c++.x86_64                                   1:12.2.0-4.el8                                                    epel      
arm-none-eabi-newlib.noarch                                       4.1.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
armadillo.x86_64                                                  10.8.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
armadillo-devel.x86_64                                            10.8.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
arp-scan.x86_64                                                   1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
arpack.x86_64                                                     3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
arpack-devel.x86_64                                               3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
arpack-doc.noarch                                                 3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
arpack-static.x86_64                                              3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
arpwatch.x86_64                                                   14:2.1a15-44.0.2.an8                                              BaseOS    
arpwatch-doc.noarch                                               14:2.1a15-44.0.2.an8                                              PowerTools
artikulate.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
artikulate-libs.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-anorexia-fonts.noarch                            1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-aqui-fonts.noarch                                1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-cure-fonts.noarch                                1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-drift-fonts.noarch                               1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-edges-fonts.noarch                               1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-fkp-fonts.noarch                                 1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts.noarch                                     1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts-common.noarch                              1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-gelly-fonts.noarch                               1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-glisp-fonts.noarch                               1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-kates-fonts.noarch                               1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-lime-fonts.noarch                                1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-mints-mild-fonts.noarch                          1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-mints-strong-fonts.noarch                        1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-nu-fonts.noarch                                  1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-smoothansi-fonts.noarch                          1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
artwiz-aleczapka-snap-fonts.noarch                                1.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
ascii.x86_64                                                      3.18-15.el8                                                       epel      
asciidoc-doc.noarch                                               9.1.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
asciinema.noarch                                                  2.0.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
asdcplib.x86_64                                                   2.10.38-1.el8                                                     epel      
asdcplib-devel.x86_64                                             2.10.38-1.el8                                                     epel      
asdcplib-tools.x86_64                                             2.10.38-1.el8                                                     epel      
aspell.x86_64                                                     12:0.60.8-8.an8                                                   AppStream 
aspell-devel.x86_64                                               12:0.60.8-8.an8                                                   AppStream 
aspell-en.x86_64                                                  50:2017.08.24-2.0.2.an8                                           AppStream 
aspell-en-doc.noarch                                              50:2017.08.24-2.0.2.an8                                           PowerTools
aspell-sk.x86_64                                                  2.4.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
aspnetcore-runtime-3.0.x86_64                                     3.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
aspnetcore-runtime-3.1.x86_64                                     3.1.32-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
aspnetcore-runtime-5.0.x86_64                                     5.0.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
aspnetcore-runtime-6.0.x86_64                                     6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-3.0.x86_64                              3.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-3.1.x86_64                              3.1.32-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-5.0.x86_64                              5.0.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                              6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
assimp.x86_64                                                     5.0.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
assimp-devel.x86_64                                               5.0.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
assimp-doc.noarch                                                 5.0.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
asterisk.x86_64                                                   18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-ael.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-alembic.x86_64                                           18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-alsa.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-calendar.x86_64                                          18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-corosync.x86_64                                          18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-curl.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-dahdi.x86_64                                             18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-devel.x86_64                                             18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-fax.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-festival.x86_64                                          18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-hep.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-iax2.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-ldap.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-lua.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-mgcp.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-minivm.x86_64                                            18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-mobile.x86_64                                            18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-mwi-external.x86_64                                      18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-mysql.x86_64                                             18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-odbc.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-oss.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-pjsip.x86_64                                             18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-portaudio.x86_64                                         18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-postgresql.x86_64                                        18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-radius.x86_64                                            18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-sip.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-skinny.x86_64                                            18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-snmp.x86_64                                              18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-sqlite.x86_64                                            18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-tds.x86_64                                               18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-unistim.x86_64                                           18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-voicemail.x86_64                                         18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-voicemail-imap.x86_64                                    18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-voicemail-odbc.x86_64                                    18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
asterisk-voicemail-plain.x86_64                                   18.12.1-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
astropy-tools.noarch                                              3.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
astyle.x86_64                                                     3.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
astyle-devel.x86_64                                               3.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
at.x86_64                                                         3.1.20-12.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
at-doc.noarch                                                     3.1.20-12.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                                2.38.0-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                                          2.38.0-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                               2.40.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                                         2.40.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
atari800.x86_64                                                   5.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
atasm.x86_64                                                      1.09-1.el8                                                        epel      
atinject.noarch                                                   1-28.20100611svn86.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                  AppStream 
atk-devel.x86_64                                                  2.36.0-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
atk-doc.noarch                                                    2.36.0-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
atkmm.x86_64                                                      2.24.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
atkmm-devel.x86_64                                                2.24.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
atkmm-doc.noarch                                                  2.24.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
atlas.x86_64                                                      3.10.3-8.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
atlas-corei2.x86_64                                               3.10.3-8.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
atlas-corei2-devel.x86_64                                         3.10.3-8.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
atlas-devel.x86_64                                                3.10.3-8.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
atomic-queue-devel.noarch                                         1.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
atool.noarch                                                      0.39.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
atop.x86_64                                                       2.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
atril.x86_64                                                      1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
atril-caja.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
atril-devel.x86_64                                                1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
atril-libs.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
atril-thumbnailer.x86_64                                          1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
attr.x86_64                                                       2.4.48-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
attr-doc.noarch                                                   2.4.48-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
audacious.x86_64                                                  4.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
audacious-devel.x86_64                                            4.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
audacious-libs.x86_64                                             4.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
audacious-plugins.x86_64                                          4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
audacious-plugins-amidi.x86_64                                    4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
audacious-plugins-exotic.x86_64                                   4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
audacious-plugins-jack.x86_64                                     4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
audacity.x86_64                                                   2.3.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
audacity-manual.noarch                                            2.3.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
audiofile.x86_64                                                  1:0.3.6-23.el8                                                    epel      
audiofile-devel.x86_64                                            1:0.3.6-23.el8                                                    epel      
audispd-plugins.x86_64                                            3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
audispd-plugins-zos.x86_64                                        3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
audit.x86_64                                                      3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
audit-doc.noarch                                                  3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
audit-libs-devel.x86_64                                           3.0.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
augeas.x86_64                                                     1.13.0-3.an8                                                      BaseOS    
augeas-devel.x86_64                                               1.13.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
augeas-libs.x86_64                                                1.13.0-3.an8                                                      BaseOS    
auter.noarch                                                      1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
authd.x86_64                                                      1.4.4-5.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
authd-doc.noarch                                                  1.4.4-5.0.1.an8.1                                                 PowerTools
authselect.x86_64                                                 1.2.6-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
authselect-compat.x86_64                                          1.2.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
authselect-libs.x86_64                                            1.2.6-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
autoconf-archive.noarch                                           2019.01.06-9.an8                                                  AppStream 
autoconf-doc.noarch                                               2.69-29.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
autoconf2.7x.noarch                                               2.71-1.el8                                                        epel      
autoconf213.noarch                                                2.13-39.el8                                                       AppStream 
autocorr-af.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-bg.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-ca.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-cs.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-da.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-de.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-el.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-en.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-es.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-fa.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-fi.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-fr.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-ga.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-hr.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-hu.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-is.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-it.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-ja.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-ko.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-lb.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-lt.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-mn.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-nl.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-pl.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-pt.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-ro.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-ru.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-sk.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-sl.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-sr.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-sv.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-tr.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-vi.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autocorr-zh.noarch                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
autodocksuite.x86_64                                              4.2.6-11.el8                                                      epel      
autodownloader.noarch                                             0.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
autofs.x86_64                                                     1:5.1.4-102.0.1.an8.2                                             BaseOS    
autofs-doc.noarch                                                 1:5.1.4-102.0.1.an8.2                                             PowerTools
autogen.x86_64                                                    5.18.12-8.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
autogen-doc.noarch                                                5.18.12-8.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
autogen-libopts.x86_64                                            5.18.12-8.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
autogen-libopts-devel.x86_64                                      5.18.12-8.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
autojump.noarch                                                   22.5.3-3.el8                                                      epel      
autojump-fish.noarch                                              22.5.3-3.el8                                                      epel      
autojump-zsh.noarch                                               22.5.3-3.el8                                                      epel      
autokey-common.noarch                                             0.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
autokey-gtk.noarch                                                0.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
autokey-qt.noarch                                                 0.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
automake-doc.noarch                                               1.16.2-6.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
autossh.x86_64                                                    1.4g-2.el8                                                        epel      
autotrace.x86_64                                                  0.31.1-55.an8                                                     AppStream 
avahi.x86_64                                                      0.7-20.an8                                                        BaseOS    
avahi-autoipd.x86_64                                              0.7-20.an8                                                        BaseOS    
avahi-compat-howl.x86_64                                          0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-compat-howl-devel.x86_64                                    0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-compat-libdns_sd.x86_64                                     0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-compat-libdns_sd-devel.x86_64                               0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-devel.x86_64                                                0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-glib.x86_64                                                 0.7-20.an8                                                        BaseOS    
avahi-glib-devel.x86_64                                           0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                              0.7-20.an8                                                        BaseOS    
avahi-gobject-devel.x86_64                                        0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-ui.x86_64                                                   0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-ui-devel.x86_64                                             0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                              0.7-20.an8                                                        AppStream 
avif-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                         0.10.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
avogadro2.x86_64                                                  1.95.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
avogadro2-libs.x86_64                                             1.95.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
avogadro2-libs-devel.x86_64                                       1.95.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
avogadro2-libs-doc.noarch                                         1.95.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
awesome-vim-colorschemes.noarch                                   0-15.20220504git9f96bbd.14.el8                                    epel      
awscli.noarch                                                     1.18.156-4.el8                                                    epel      
awstats.noarch                                                    7.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
azote.noarch                                                      1.9.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
b4.noarch                                                         0.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
babel.noarch                                                      2.5.1-10.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
babel-doc.noarch                                                  2.5.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
babeld.x86_64                                                     1.10-2.el8                                                        epel      
babl.x86_64                                                       0.1.86-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
babl-devel.x86_64                                                 0.1.86-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
babl-devel-docs.noarch                                            0.1.86-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
backintime-common.noarch                                          1.3.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
backintime-plugins.noarch                                         1.3.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
backintime-qt.noarch                                              1.3.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
backupninja.noarch                                                1.1.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
bacula-client.x86_64                                              11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-common.x86_64                                              11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-console.x86_64                                             11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-director.x86_64                                            11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-libs.x86_64                                                11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-libs-sql.x86_64                                            11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-logwatch.noarch                                            11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
bacula-storage.x86_64                                             11.0.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
badchars.noarch                                                   0.4.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
baloo-widgets.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
baloo-widgets-devel.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
banner.x86_64                                                     1.3.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
bannergrab.x86_64                                                 3.5-14.el8                                                        epel      
baobab.x86_64                                                     3.28.0-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
barcode.x86_64                                                    0.98-37.el8                                                       epel      
barcode-devel.x86_64                                              0.98-37.el8                                                       epel      
baresip.x86_64                                                    3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-alsa.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-av1.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-codec2.x86_64                                             3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-ctrl_dbus.x86_64                                          3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-devel.x86_64                                              3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-g722.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-g726.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-gst.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-gtk.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-jack.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-mpa.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-mqtt.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-opus.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-plc.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-portaudio.x86_64                                          3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-pulse.x86_64                                              3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-sdl.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-snapshot.x86_64                                           3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-sndfile.x86_64                                            3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-tools.x86_64                                              3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-v4l2.x86_64                                               3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-vp8.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-vp9.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
baresip-x11.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
barman.noarch                                                     3.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
barman-cli.noarch                                                 3.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
barrier.x86_64                                                    2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
basez.x86_64                                                      1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
bash-argsparse.noarch                                             1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
bash-color-prompt.noarch                                          0.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
bash-devel.x86_64                                                 4.4.20-4.an8_6                                                    AppStream 
bash-doc.x86_64                                                   4.4.20-4.an8_6                                                    PowerTools
bashmount.noarch                                                  4.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
batctl.x86_64                                                     2023.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
batik-css.noarch                                                  1.11-6.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                              AppStream 
batik-util.noarch                                                 1.11-6.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                              AppStream 
bats.noarch                                                       1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
bc.x86_64                                                         1.07.1-5.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
bc-doc.noarch                                                     1.07.1-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
bcc.x86_64                                                        0.25.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
bcc-devel.x86_64                                                  0.25.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
bcc-doc.noarch                                                    0.25.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
bcc-tools.x86_64                                                  0.25.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
bcftools.x86_64                                                   1.9-3.el8                                                         epel      
bcg729.x86_64                                                     1.1.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
bcg729-devel.x86_64                                               1.1.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
bdii.noarch                                                       6.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
bdsync.x86_64                                                     0.11.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
beakerlib.noarch                                                  1.29.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
beakerlib-libraries.noarch                                        0.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
beakerlib-vim-syntax.noarch                                       1.29.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
beanstalk-client.x86_64                                           1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
beanstalk-client-devel.x86_64                                     1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
beecrypt.x86_64                                                   4.2.1-23.el8                                                      epel      
beecrypt-apidocs.x86_64                                           4.2.1-23.el8                                                      epel      
beecrypt-devel.x86_64                                             4.2.1-23.el8                                                      epel      
beep.x86_64                                                       1.4.12-9.el8                                                      epel      
beesu.x86_64                                                      2.7-41.el8                                                        epel      
below.x86_64                                                      0.6.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
bgpdump.x86_64                                                    1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
bgpq3.x86_64                                                      0.1.36.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
bgpq4.x86_64                                                      1.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
bibutils.x86_64                                                   7.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
bibutils-devel.x86_64                                             7.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
bibutils-libs.x86_64                                              7.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
bifcl.x86_64                                                      1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
bind.x86_64                                                       32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-chroot.x86_64                                                32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-devel.x86_64                                                 32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-export-devel.x86_64                                          32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                BaseOS    
bind-libs.x86_64                                                  32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                                             32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-license.noarch                                               32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-lite-devel.x86_64                                            32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-pkcs11.x86_64                                                32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-devel.x86_64                                          32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-libs.x86_64                                           32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-utils.x86_64                                          32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-sdb.x86_64                                                   32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-sdb-chroot.x86_64                                            32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind-to-tinydns.x86_64                                            0.4.3-26.20140818gitdf0ddc3.el8                                   epel      
bind-utils.x86_64                                                 32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
bind9.16.x86_64                                                   32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bind9.16-chroot.x86_64                                            32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bind9.16-devel.x86_64                                             32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bind9.16-dnssec-utils.x86_64                                      32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bind9.16-doc.noarch                                               32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             PowerTools
bind9.16-libs.x86_64                                              32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bind9.16-license.noarch                                           32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bind9.16-utils.x86_64                                             32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
bindfs.x86_64                                                     1.14.9-1.el8                                                      epel      
binutils-aarch64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                 2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-alpha-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-arc-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-arm-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-avr32-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-bfin-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-c6x-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-cris-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-devel.x86_64                                             2.30-119.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
binutils-frv-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-h8300-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-hppa-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-hppa64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-ia64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-m32r-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-m68k-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-metag-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-microblaze-linux-gnu.x86_64                              2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-mips64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-mn10300-linux-gnu.x86_64                                 2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-nios2-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-openrisc-linux-gnu.x86_64                                2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-powerpc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                               2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-powerpc64le-linux-gnu.x86_64                             2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-ppc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-ppc64le-linux-gnu.x86_64                                 2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-riscv64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                 2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-s390x-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-score-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-sh-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-sparc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                 2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-tile-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-x86_64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
binutils-xtensa-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
biosdevname.x86_64                                                0.7.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
biosdevname-doc.noarch                                            0.7.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
bird.x86_64                                                       2.14-1.el8                                                        epel      
bird-doc.noarch                                                   2.14-1.el8                                                        epel      
bison-devel.x86_64                                                3.7.4-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
bison-runtime.x86_64                                              3.7.4-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
bitcoin-core-desktop.x86_64                                       25.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
bitcoin-core-devel.x86_64                                         25.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
bitcoin-core-libs.x86_64                                          25.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
bitcoin-core-selinux.noarch                                       0-7.20210312giteaa9a04.el8                                        epel      
bitcoin-core-server.x86_64                                        25.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
bitcoin-core-utils.x86_64                                         25.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
bitlbee.x86_64                                                    3.6-11.el8                                                        epel      
bitlbee-devel.x86_64                                              3.6-11.el8                                                        epel      
bitlbee-discord.x86_64                                            0.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
bitlbee-facebook.x86_64                                           1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
bitlbee-otr.x86_64                                                3.6-11.el8                                                        epel      
bitmap-console-fonts.noarch                                       0.3-28.el8                                                        AppStream 
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                                    0.3-28.el8                                                        AppStream 
bitmap-fixed-fonts.noarch                                         0.3-28.el8                                                        AppStream 
bitmap-fonts-compat.noarch                                        0.3-28.el8                                                        AppStream 
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-fonts.noarch                             0.3-28.el8                                                        AppStream 
bitstream-devel.noarch                                            1.5-4.el8                                                         epel      
blacs-common.x86_64                                               2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blacs-mpich.x86_64                                                2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blacs-mpich-devel.x86_64                                          2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blacs-mpich-static.x86_64                                         2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blacs-openmpi.x86_64                                              2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blacs-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                        2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blacs-openmpi-static.x86_64                                       2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
blas.x86_64                                                       3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
blas-devel.x86_64                                                 3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
blas64.x86_64                                                     3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
bleachbit.noarch                                                  4.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
blinken.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
blis.x86_64                                                       0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-devel.x86_64                                                 0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-openmp.x86_64                                                0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-openmp64.x86_64                                              0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-serial64.x86_64                                              0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-srpm-macros.noarch                                           0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-threads.x86_64                                               0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blis-threads64.x86_64                                             0.7.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
blivet-data.noarch                                                1:3.6.0-4.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
blivet-gui.noarch                                                 2.1.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                                         2.1.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
blktrace.x86_64                                                   1.2.0-10.el8                                                      BaseOS    
bloaty.x86_64                                                     1.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
blosc.x86_64                                                      1.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
blosc-bench.x86_64                                                1.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
blosc-devel.x86_64                                                1.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
bluedevil.x86_64                                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
bluez.x86_64                                                      5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
bluez-cups.x86_64                                                 5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
bluez-doc.noarch                                                  5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
bluez-hid2hci.x86_64                                              5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
bluez-libs.x86_64                                                 5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
bluez-libs-devel.x86_64                                           5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                                5.63-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
bmap-tools.noarch                                                 3.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
bmon.x86_64                                                       4.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
bodhi-client.noarch                                               4.0.2-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
bodhi-composer.noarch                                             4.0.2-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
bodhi-server.noarch                                               4.0.2-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
bogofilter.x86_64                                                 1.2.5-2.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
bogofilter-doc.noarch                                             1.2.5-2.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
boinc-client.x86_64                                               7.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
boinc-client-devel.x86_64                                         7.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
boinc-client-doc.noarch                                           7.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
boinc-client-static.x86_64                                        7.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
boinc-manager.x86_64                                              7.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
boinc-tui.x86_64                                                  2.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
bolt.x86_64                                                       0.9.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
bomber.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
bonnie++.x86_64                                                   1.98-1.el8                                                        epel      
booksorg.x86_64                                                   0.3.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
boom-boot.noarch                                                  1.3-2.0.2.an8                                                     BaseOS    
boom-boot-conf.noarch                                             1.3-2.0.2.an8                                                     BaseOS    
boom-boot-grub2.noarch                                            1.3-2.0.2.an8                                                     BaseOS    
boost.x86_64                                                      1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-build.noarch                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-container.x86_64                                            1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-context.x86_64                                              1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-coroutine.x86_64                                            1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-devel.x86_64                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-doc.noarch                                                  1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-examples.noarch                                             1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-fiber.x86_64                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-graph.x86_64                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-graph-mpich.x86_64                                          1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-graph-openmpi.x86_64                                        1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-iostreams.x86_64                                            1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-jam.x86_64                                                  1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-locale.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-log.x86_64                                                  1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-math.x86_64                                                 1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-mpich.x86_64                                                1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-mpich-devel.x86_64                                          1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-mpich-python3.x86_64                                        1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-nowide.noarch                                               0-20190813.gitec9672b.el8                                         epel      
boost-nowide-devel.noarch                                         0-20190813.gitec9672b.el8                                         epel      
boost-nowide-docs.noarch                                          0-20190813.gitec9672b.el8                                         epel      
boost-numpy3.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-openmpi.x86_64                                              1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                        1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-openmpi-python3.x86_64                                      1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-program-options.x86_64                                      1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-python3.x86_64                                              1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-python3-devel.x86_64                                        1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-random.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-serialization.x86_64                                        1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-signals.x86_64                                              1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                                           1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-static.x86_64                                               1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-test.x86_64                                                 1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                                         1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost-wave.x86_64                                                 1.66.0-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
boost1.78.x86_64                                                  1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-atomic.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-b2.x86_64                                               1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-build.noarch                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-chrono.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-container.x86_64                                        1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-context.x86_64                                          1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-contract.x86_64                                         1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-coroutine.x86_64                                        1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-date-time.x86_64                                        1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-devel.x86_64                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-doc.noarch                                              1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-doctools.x86_64                                         1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-examples.noarch                                         1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-fiber.x86_64                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-filesystem.x86_64                                       1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-graph.x86_64                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-graph-mpich.x86_64                                      1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-graph-openmpi.x86_64                                    1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-iostreams.x86_64                                        1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-json.x86_64                                             1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-locale.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-log.x86_64                                              1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-math.x86_64                                             1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-mpich.x86_64                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-mpich-devel.x86_64                                      1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-mpich-python3.x86_64                                    1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-mpich-python3-devel.x86_64                              1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-nowide.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-numpy3.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-openmpi.x86_64                                          1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                    1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-openmpi-python3.x86_64                                  1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-openmpi-python3-devel.x86_64                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-program-options.x86_64                                  1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-python3.x86_64                                          1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-random.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-regex.x86_64                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-serialization.x86_64                                    1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-stacktrace.x86_64                                       1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-static.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-system.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-test.x86_64                                             1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-thread.x86_64                                           1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-timer.x86_64                                            1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-type_erasure.x86_64                                     1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost1.78-wave.x86_64                                             1.78.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
boost169.x86_64                                                   1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-atomic.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-build.noarch                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-chrono.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-container.x86_64                                         1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-context.x86_64                                           1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-contract.x86_64                                          1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-coroutine.x86_64                                         1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-date-time.x86_64                                         1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-devel.x86_64                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-doc.noarch                                               1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-doctools.x86_64                                          1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-examples.noarch                                          1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-fiber.x86_64                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-filesystem.x86_64                                        1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-graph.x86_64                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-graph-mpich.x86_64                                       1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-graph-openmpi.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-iostreams.x86_64                                         1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-jam.x86_64                                               1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-locale.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-log.x86_64                                               1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-math.x86_64                                              1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-mpich.x86_64                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-mpich-devel.x86_64                                       1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-mpich-python2.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-mpich-python2-devel.x86_64                               1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-mpich-python3.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-mpich-python3-devel.x86_64                               1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-numpy2.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-numpy3.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-openmpi.x86_64                                           1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-openmpi-python2.x86_64                                   1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-openmpi-python2-devel.x86_64                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-openmpi-python3.x86_64                                   1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-openmpi-python3-devel.x86_64                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-program-options.x86_64                                   1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-python2.x86_64                                           1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-python2-devel.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-python3.x86_64                                           1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-python3-devel.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-random.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-regex.x86_64                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-serialization.x86_64                                     1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-stacktrace.x86_64                                        1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-static.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-system.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-test.x86_64                                              1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-thread.x86_64                                            1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-timer.x86_64                                             1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-type_erasure.x86_64                                      1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
boost169-wave.x86_64                                              1.69.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
borgbackup.x86_64                                                 1.1.18-2.el8                                                      epel      
botan2.x86_64                                                     2.12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
botan2-devel.x86_64                                               2.12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
botan2-doc.noarch                                                 2.12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
bouncycastle.noarch                                               1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
bouncycastle-javadoc.noarch                                       1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
bouncycastle-mail.noarch                                          1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
bouncycastle-pg.noarch                                            1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
bouncycastle-pkix.noarch                                          1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
bouncycastle-tls.noarch                                           1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
bovo.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
bowtie.x86_64                                                     1.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
bowtie2.x86_64                                                    2.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
boxes.x86_64                                                      2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
boxes-vim.noarch                                                  2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
bpfmon.x86_64                                                     2.51-4.el8                                                        epel      
bpftool.x86_64                                                    4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
bpftrace.x86_64                                                   0.16.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
bpg-algeti-fonts.noarch                                           2.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-chveulebrivi-fonts.noarch                                     3.002-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-classic-fonts.noarch                                          8.500-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-courier-fonts.noarch                                          4.002-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-courier-s-fonts.noarch                                        4.000-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-dedaena-block-fonts.noarch                                    3.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                      2.28-11.an8                                                       AppStream 
bpg-elite-fonts.noarch                                            3.000-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-excelsior-caps-fonts.noarch                                   2.003-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-excelsior-condenced-fonts.noarch                              2.003-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-excelsior-fonts.noarch                                        2.03-11.an8                                                       AppStream 
bpg-fonts-common.noarch                                           20120413-11.an8                                                   AppStream 
bpg-glaho-fonts.noarch                                            9.000-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-gorda-fonts.noarch                                            2.003-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-ingiri-fonts.noarch                                           4.000-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-irubaqidze-fonts.noarch                                       1.000-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-mikhail-stephan-fonts.noarch                                  2.500-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-caps-fonts.noarch                                  1.002-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-fonts.noarch                                       1.002-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-nateli-caps-fonts.noarch                                      2.003-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-nateli-condenced-fonts.noarch                                 2.003-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-nateli-fonts.noarch                                           2.003-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-nino-medium-cond-fonts.noarch                                 4.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-nino-medium-fonts.noarch                                      4.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-sans-fonts.noarch                                             1.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-sans-medium-fonts.noarch                                      1.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-sans-modern-fonts.noarch                                      2.025-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-sans-regular-fonts.noarch                                     1.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-serif-fonts.noarch                                            1.005-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-serif-modern-fonts.noarch                                     2.028-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpg-ucnobi-fonts.noarch                                           3.300-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
bpytop.noarch                                                     1:1.0.54-3.el8                                                    epel      
brasero.x86_64                                                    3.12.2-19.an8                                                     AppStream 
brasero-devel.x86_64                                              3.12.2-19.an8                                                     AppStream 
brasero-libs.x86_64                                               3.12.2-19.an8                                                     AppStream 
brasero-nautilus.x86_64                                           3.12.2-19.an8                                                     AppStream 
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                                        5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-gtk.noarch                                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                                          5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                                            5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                                            5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                                            5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
breeze-icon-theme-rcc.noarch                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
bridge-utils.x86_64                                               1.7.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
brightnessctl.x86_64                                              0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
brlapi.x86_64                                                     0.8.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
brlapi-devel.x86_64                                               0.8.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
brlapi-java.x86_64                                                0.8.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
brltty.x86_64                                                     6.3-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
brltty-at-spi2.x86_64                                             6.3-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
brltty-docs.noarch                                                6.3-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
brltty-dracut.x86_64                                              6.3-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
brltty-espeak-ng.x86_64                                           6.3-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
brltty-xw.x86_64                                                  6.3-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
brotli-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.6-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
bsdtar.x86_64                                                     3.5.3-4.an8                                                       BaseOS    
btop.x86_64                                                       1.2.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
btrd.x86_64                                                       0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
btrfs-fuse.x86_64                                                 0-5.20211113git8635fbc.el8                                        epel      
btrfs-sxbackup.noarch                                             0.6.11-6.el8                                                      epel      
bubblewrap.x86_64                                                 0.4.0-1.el8                                                       BaseOS    
bucardo.noarch                                                    5.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
buildah-tests.x86_64                                              1:1.29.1-2.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                      AppStream 
buildbot.noarch                                                   3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
buildbot-master.noarch                                            3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
buildbot-master-container.noarch                                  3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
buildbot-master-ec2.noarch                                        3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
buildbot-master-libvirt.noarch                                    3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
buildbot-worker.noarch                                            3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
buildbot-www.noarch                                               3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
bullet.x86_64                                                     2.87-10.el8                                                       epel      
bullet-devel.x86_64                                               2.87-10.el8                                                       epel      
bullet-devel-doc.x86_64                                           2.87-10.el8                                                       epel      
bullet-extras.x86_64                                              2.87-10.el8                                                       epel      
bullet-extras-devel.x86_64                                        2.87-10.el8                                                       epel      
bumpversion.noarch                                                1.0.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
bwa.x86_64                                                        0.7.17-2.el8                                                      epel      
bwm-ng.x86_64                                                     0.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
bwping.x86_64                                                     2.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
byobu.noarch                                                      5.133-1.el8                                                       epel      
byteman.noarch                                                    4.0.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
byteman-doc.noarch                                                4.0.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
byteman-javadoc.noarch                                            4.0.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.6-26.el8                                                      BaseOS    
bzip3.x86_64                                                      1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
bzip3-devel.x86_64                                                1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
bzip3-libs.x86_64                                                 1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
c-ares.x86_64                                                     1.13.0-6.an8.2                                                    BaseOS    
c-ares-devel.x86_64                                               1.13.0-6.an8.2                                                    BaseOS    
c-icap.x86_64                                                     0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
c-icap-devel.x86_64                                               0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
c-icap-libs.x86_64                                                0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
c-icap-modules.x86_64                                             0.5.6-4.20230212gitfd1a1b7.el8                                    epel      
c-icap-perl.x86_64                                                0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
c2esp.x86_64                                                      2.7-14.0.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
c2esp-doc.noarch                                                  2.7-14.0.2.an8                                                    PowerTools
c4core.x86_64                                                     0.1.10-11.el8                                                     epel      
c4core-devel.x86_64                                               0.1.10-11.el8                                                     epel      
c4fs.x86_64                                                       0.0.1^20220819git3b5bafa-4.el8                                    epel      
c4fs-devel.x86_64                                                 0.0.1^20220819git3b5bafa-4.el8                                    epel      
c4log.x86_64                                                      0.0.1^20220818gitc9477dc-5.el8                                    epel      
c4log-devel.x86_64                                                0.0.1^20220818gitc9477dc-5.el8                                    epel      
c4project.noarch                                                  0^20230525gita1f9d73-1.el8                                        epel      
cabal-install.x86_64                                              2.0.0.1-11.el8                                                    epel      
cabal-rpm.x86_64                                                  0.13.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
cabextract.x86_64                                                 1.9-7.el8                                                         epel      
caca-utils.x86_64                                                 0.99-0.59.beta20.el8                                              epel      
cachefilesd.x86_64                                                0.10.10-4.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
cachefilesd-doc.noarch                                            0.10.10-4.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
cacti.noarch                                                      1.2.25-1.el8                                                      epel      
cacti-spine.x86_64                                                1.2.25-1.el8                                                      epel      
cadaver.x86_64                                                    0.23.3-20.el8                                                     epel      
caddy.x86_64                                                      2.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
cairo-devel.x86_64                                                1.17.4-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                                        1.17.4-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
cairomm.x86_64                                                    1.12.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cairomm-devel.x86_64                                              1.12.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cairomm-doc.noarch                                                1.12.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
caja.x86_64                                                       1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
caja-actions.x86_64                                               1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-actions-devel.x86_64                                         1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-actions-doc.noarch                                           1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-beesu.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-core-extensions.x86_64                                       1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
caja-devel.x86_64                                                 1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
caja-extensions-common.noarch                                     1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-image-converter.x86_64                                       1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-open-terminal.x86_64                                         1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-schemas.x86_64                                               1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
caja-sendto.x86_64                                                1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-sendto-devel.x86_64                                          1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-share.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-wallpaper.x86_64                                             1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
caja-xattr-tags.x86_64                                            1.26.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
calamaris.noarch                                                  2.99.4.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
calc.x86_64                                                       2.12.7.2-4.el8                                                    epel      
calc-devel.x86_64                                                 2.12.7.2-4.el8                                                    epel      
calc-libs.x86_64                                                  2.12.7.2-4.el8                                                    epel      
calc-stdrc.x86_64                                                 2.12.7.2-4.el8                                                    epel      
calceph.x86_64                                                    3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
calceph-devel.x86_64                                              3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
calceph-doc.noarch                                                3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
calceph-fortran-devel.x86_64                                      3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
calceph-libs.x86_64                                               3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
cambozola.noarch                                                  0.936-9.el8                                                       epel      
cambozola-javadoc.noarch                                          0.936-9.el8                                                       epel      
canl-c.x86_64                                                     3.0.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
canl-c-devel.x86_64                                               3.0.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
canl-c-doc.noarch                                                 3.0.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
canl-c-examples.x86_64                                            3.0.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
canl-java.noarch                                                  2.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
canl-java-javadoc.noarch                                          2.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
cantera-common.x86_64                                             2.6.0-0.7.a4.el8                                                  epel      
cantera-devel.x86_64                                              2.6.0-0.7.a4.el8                                                  epel      
cantera-static.x86_64                                             2.6.0-0.7.a4.el8                                                  epel      
cantoolz.noarch                                                   3.7.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
cantor.x86_64                                                     19.12.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
cantor-R.x86_64                                                   19.12.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
cantor-devel.x86_64                                               19.12.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
cantor-libs.x86_64                                                19.12.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
capnproto.x86_64                                                  0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
capnproto-devel.x86_64                                            0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
capnproto-libs.x86_64                                             0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
capstats.x86_64                                                   0.26-4.el8                                                        epel      
capstone.x86_64                                                   4.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
capstone-devel.x86_64                                             4.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
capstone-java.noarch                                              4.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
carbon-c-relay.x86_64                                             3.7.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
cargo.x86_64                                                      1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
cargo-doc.noarch                                                  1.58.1-1.module+an8.7.0+10877+747a29a0                            AppStream 
castxml.x86_64                                                    0.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
catch-devel.x86_64                                                2.13.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
catimg.x86_64                                                     2.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
cbonsai.x86_64                                                    1.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
cc1541.x86_64                                                     4.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
cc65.x86_64                                                       2.18-12.el8                                                       epel      
cc65-devel.noarch                                                 2.18-12.el8                                                       epel      
cc65-doc.noarch                                                   2.18-12.el8                                                       epel      
cc65-utils.x86_64                                                 2.18-12.el8                                                       epel      
ccache.x86_64                                                     3.7.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
ccrtp.x86_64                                                      2.1.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
ccrtp-devel.x86_64                                                2.1.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
ccze.x86_64                                                       0.2.1-27.el8                                                      epel      
cd-discid.x86_64                                                  1.4-20.el8                                                        epel      
cdbs.noarch                                                       0.4.159-3.el8                                                     epel      
cdi-api.noarch                                                    1.2-8.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                               AppStream 
cdparanoia.x86_64                                                 10.2-27.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cdparanoia-devel.x86_64                                           10.2-27.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cdparanoia-doc.noarch                                             10.2-27.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                                            10.2-27.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cdrdao.x86_64                                                     1.2.3-32.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cdrdao-doc.noarch                                                 1.2.3-32.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
cdrskin.x86_64                                                    1.4.8-4.el8                                                       epel      
cdrskin1.x86_64                                                   1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
cekit.noarch                                                      4.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
cekit-bash-completion.noarch                                      4.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
cekit-zsh-completion.noarch                                       4.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
celt051.x86_64                                                    0.5.1.3-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
celt051-devel.x86_64                                              0.5.1.3-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
celt051-doc.noarch                                                0.5.1.3-15.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
centos-packager.noarch                                            0.7.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
centpkg.noarch                                                    0.8.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
centpkg-sig.noarch                                                0.8.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
cepces.noarch                                                     0.3.5-7.el8                                                       epel      
cepces-certmonger.noarch                                          0.3.5-7.el8                                                       epel      
cepces-selinux.noarch                                             0.3.5-7.el8                                                       epel      
cereal-devel.x86_64                                               1.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
ceres-solver.x86_64                                               1.14.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
ceres-solver-devel.x86_64                                         1.14.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
certbot.noarch                                                    1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
certmonger.x86_64                                                 0.79.17-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
certmonger-doc.noarch                                             0.79.17-2.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
certwatch.x86_64                                                  1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
certwatch-mod_ssl.x86_64                                          1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
cervisia.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
cfitsio.x86_64                                                    3.47-1.el8                                                        epel      
cfitsio-devel.x86_64                                              3.47-1.el8                                                        epel      
cfitsio-docs.noarch                                               3.47-1.el8                                                        epel      
cfitsio-static.x86_64                                             3.47-1.el8                                                        epel      
cgdb.x86_64                                                       0.6.8-14.el8                                                      epel      
cgdcbxd.x86_64                                                    1.0.2-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cgdcbxd-doc.noarch                                                1.0.2-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
cgit.x86_64                                                       1.2.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
cgnslib.x86_64                                                    3.4.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
cgnslib-devel.x86_64                                              3.4.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
chan.x86_64                                                       0.0.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
chan-doc.noarch                                                   0.0.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
charliecloud.x86_64                                               0.32-2.el8                                                        epel      
charliecloud-builder.x86_64                                       0.32-2.el8                                                        epel      
charliecloud-doc.noarch                                           0.32-2.el8                                                        epel      
charliecloud-test.x86_64                                          0.32-2.el8                                                        epel      
check.x86_64                                                      0.15.2-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
check-devel.x86_64                                                0.15.2-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
check_postgres.noarch                                             2.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
checksec.noarch                                                   2.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
cheese.x86_64                                                     2:3.38.0-6.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cheese-doc.noarch                                                 2:3.38.0-6.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
cheese-libs.x86_64                                                2:3.38.0-6.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                                         10.1-7.an8                                                        AppStream 
chromedriver.x86_64                                               117.0.5938.132-1.el8                                              epel      
chromium.x86_64                                                   117.0.5938.132-1.el8                                              epel      
chromium-common.x86_64                                            117.0.5938.132-1.el8                                              epel      
chromium-headless.x86_64                                          117.0.5938.132-1.el8                                              epel      
chrony.x86_64                                                     4.2-1.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
chrpath.x86_64                                                    0.16-7.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
chrpath-doc.noarch                                                0.16-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
chunkfs.x86_64                                                    0.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
cifs-utils.x86_64                                                 7.0-1.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
cim-schema.noarch                                                 2.43.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ciphertest.noarch                                                 0.2.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
civetweb.x86_64                                                   1.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
civetweb-devel.x86_64                                             1.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
cjdns.x86_64                                                      21.1-2.el8                                                        epel      
cjdns-graph.noarch                                                21.1-2.el8                                                        epel      
cjdns-selinux.noarch                                              21.1-2.el8                                                        epel      
cjdns-tools.noarch                                                21.1-2.el8                                                        epel      
cjson.x86_64                                                      1.7.14-2.el8                                                      epel      
cjson-devel.x86_64                                                1.7.14-2.el8                                                      epel      
ck.x86_64                                                         0.6.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
ck-devel.x86_64                                                   0.6.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
ckermit.x86_64                                                    9.0.302-21.el8                                                    epel      
clamav.x86_64                                                     0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-data.noarch                                                0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-devel.x86_64                                               0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-doc.noarch                                                 0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-filesystem.noarch                                          0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-lib.x86_64                                                 0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-milter.x86_64                                              0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamav-unofficial-sigs.noarch                                     7.2.5-4.el8                                                       epel      
clamav-update.x86_64                                              0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clamd.x86_64                                                      0.103.10-1.el8                                                    epel      
clang.x86_64                                                      15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
clang-analyzer.noarch                                             15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
clang-devel.x86_64                                                15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
clang-libs.x86_64                                                 15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                                          15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
classpathless-compiler.noarch                                     2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
classpathless-compiler-javadoc.noarch                             2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                                      39-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
cldr-emoji-annotation-doc.noarch                                  39-2.0.1.an8                                                      PowerTools
clearsilver.x86_64                                                0.10.5-57.el8                                                     epel      
clearsilver-devel.x86_64                                          0.10.5-57.el8                                                     epel      
clevis.x86_64                                                     18-110.an8                                                        AppStream 
clevis-dracut.x86_64                                              18-110.an8                                                        AppStream 
clevis-luks.x86_64                                                18-110.an8                                                        AppStream 
clevis-systemd.x86_64                                             18-110.an8                                                        AppStream 
clevis-udisks2.x86_64                                             18-110.an8                                                        AppStream 
cli11-devel.x86_64                                                1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
cli11-docs.noarch                                                 1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
clibs-list.x86_64                                                 0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
clibs-list-devel.x86_64                                           0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
clide.noarch                                                      0.9-23.20160305git11c0895.el8                                     epel      
clifm.x86_64                                                      1.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
clinfo.x86_64                                                     3.0.21.02.21-4.el8                                                epel      
clippy.x86_64                                                     1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
clitest.noarch                                                    0.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
cln.x86_64                                                        1.3.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
cln-devel.x86_64                                                  1.3.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
cloog.x86_64                                                      1:0.18.4-13.el8                                                   epel      
cloog-devel.x86_64                                                1:0.18.4-13.el8                                                   epel      
cloud-init.noarch                                                 19.1.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                               AppStream 
cloud-utils.noarch                                                0.33-3.el8                                                        epel      
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch                                       0.33-3.el8                                                        epel      
cloud-utils-growpart-doc.noarch                                   0.33-0.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                                       2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.0.1.an8                            AppStream 
clucene-core.x86_64                                               2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.0.1.an8                            AppStream 
clucene-core-devel.x86_64                                         2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.0.1.an8                            AppStream 
clucene-core-doc.noarch                                           2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.0.1.an8                            PowerTools
clustershell.noarch                                               1.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
clusterssh.noarch                                                 4.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
clutter.x86_64                                                    1.26.4-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
clutter-devel.x86_64                                              1.26.4-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
clutter-doc.x86_64                                                1.26.4-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
clutter-gst2.x86_64                                               2.0.18-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
clutter-gst2-doc.noarch                                           2.0.18-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                               3.0.27-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
clutter-gst3-devel.x86_64                                         3.0.27-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                                1.8.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
clutter-gtk-devel.x86_64                                          1.8.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
clutter-gtk-doc.noarch                                            1.8.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
cmake.x86_64                                                      3.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cmake-data.noarch                                                 3.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cmake-doc.noarch                                                  3.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                                           3.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cmake-gui.x86_64                                                  3.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                                           3.20.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cmark.x86_64                                                      0.28.3-4.el8                                                      epel      
cmark-devel.x86_64                                                0.28.3-4.el8                                                      epel      
cmark-lib.x86_64                                                  0.28.3-4.el8                                                      epel      
coapthon3.noarch                                                  1.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
cobbler3.2.noarch                                                 3.2.2-15.el8                                                      epel      
cobbler3.2-tests.noarch                                           3.2.2-15.el8                                                      epel      
cobbler3.2-web.noarch                                             3.2.2-15.el8                                                      epel      
coccinelle.x86_64                                                 1.0.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
coccinelle-bash-completion.noarch                                 1.0.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
coccinelle-doc.x86_64                                             1.0.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
coccinelle-examples.x86_64                                        1.0.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
cockpit.x86_64                                                    286.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                             286.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
cockpit-composer.noarch                                           45-1.an8                                                          AppStream 
cockpit-doc.noarch                                                286.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
cockpit-file-sharing.noarch                                       2.4.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
cockpit-machines.noarch                                           286.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                                         286.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cockpit-pcp.x86_64                                                286.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cockpit-podman.noarch                                             63.1-1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                              AppStream 
cockpit-session-recording.noarch                                  12-3.an8                                                          AppStream 
cockpit-storaged.noarch                                           286.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cockpit-system.noarch                                             286.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                                 286.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
codec2.x86_64                                                     0.8.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
codec2-devel.x86_64                                               0.8.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
codemodel.noarch                                                  2.6-24.el8                                                        AppStream 
cogl.x86_64                                                       1.22.8-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cogl-devel.x86_64                                                 1.22.8-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
cogl-doc.noarch                                                   1.22.8-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
collectd.x86_64                                                   5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-amqp.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-apache.x86_64                                            5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-ascent.x86_64                                            5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-bind.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-ceph.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-chrony.x86_64                                            5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-curl.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-curl_json.x86_64                                         5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-curl_xml.x86_64                                          5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-dbi.x86_64                                               5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-disk.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-dns.x86_64                                               5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-drbd.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-email.x86_64                                             5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-generic-jmx.x86_64                                       5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-hugepages.x86_64                                         5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-ipmi.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-iptables.x86_64                                          5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-ipvs.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-java.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-log_logstash.x86_64                                      5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-lua.x86_64                                               5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-mcelog.x86_64                                            5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-memcachec.x86_64                                         5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-mysql.x86_64                                             5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-netlink.x86_64                                           5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-nginx.x86_64                                             5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-notify_desktop.x86_64                                    5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-openldap.x86_64                                          5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-ovs_events.x86_64                                        5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-ovs_stats.x86_64                                         5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-pinba.x86_64                                             5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-postgresql.x86_64                                        5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-python.x86_64                                            5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-rrdcached.x86_64                                         5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-rrdtool.x86_64                                           5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-sensors.x86_64                                           5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-smart.x86_64                                             5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-snmp.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-snmp_agent.x86_64                                        5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-synproxy.x86_64                                          5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-utils.x86_64                                             5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-varnish.x86_64                                           5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-virt.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-web.x86_64                                               5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_http.x86_64                                        5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_kafka.x86_64                                       5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_mongodb.x86_64                                     5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_prometheus.x86_64                                  5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_riemann.x86_64                                     5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_sensu.x86_64                                       5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-write_tsdb.x86_64                                        5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
collectd-zookeeper.x86_64                                         5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
colm.x86_64                                                       0.13.0.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
colm-devel.x86_64                                                 0.13.0.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
color-filesystem.noarch                                           1-20.el8                                                          AppStream 
colord.x86_64                                                     1.4.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
colord-devel.x86_64                                               1.4.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
colord-devel-docs.noarch                                          1.4.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
colord-doc.noarch                                                 1.4.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
colord-gtk.x86_64                                                 0.2.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
colord-gtk-devel.x86_64                                           0.2.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
colord-kde.x86_64                                                 0.5.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
colord-libs.x86_64                                                1.4.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
colordiff.noarch                                                  1.0.21-1.el8                                                      epel      
combblas-mpich.x86_64                                             1.6.2-0.6.beta2.el8                                               epel      
combblas-mpich-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.2-0.6.beta2.el8                                               epel      
combblas-openmpi.x86_64                                           1.6.2-0.6.beta2.el8                                               epel      
combblas-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                     1.6.2-0.6.beta2.el8                                               epel      
comic-neue-angular-fonts.noarch                                   2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
comic-neue-fonts.noarch                                           2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
comic-neue-fonts-common.noarch                                    2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
commoncpp2.x86_64                                                 1.8.1-28.el8                                                      epel      
commoncpp2-devel.x86_64                                           1.8.1-28.el8                                                      epel      
commoncpp2-doc.noarch                                             1.8.1-28.el8                                                      epel      
compat-exiv2-026.x86_64                                           0.26-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
compat-exiv2-026-doc.noarch                                       0.26-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
compat-golang-github-chzyer-readline-devel.noarch                 1.4-12.20180628git2972be2.el8.1                                   epel      
compat-guile18.x86_64                                             1.8.8-22.el8                                                      AppStream 
compat-guile18-devel.x86_64                                       1.8.8-22.el8                                                      AppStream 
compat-hwloc1.x86_64                                              2.2.0-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
compat-libgfortran-48.x86_64                                      4.8.5-36.1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
compat-libpthread-nonshared.x86_64                                2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                AppStream 
compat-libtiff3.x86_64                                            3.9.4-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
compat-lua.x86_64                                                 5.1.5-15.el8                                                      epel      
compat-lua-devel.x86_64                                           5.1.5-15.el8                                                      epel      
compat-lua-libs.x86_64                                            5.1.5-15.el8                                                      epel      
compat-openssl10.x86_64                                           1:1.0.2o-4.0.1.an8_6                                              AppStream 
compat-wxGTK3-gtk2.x86_64                                         3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
compat-wxGTK3-gtk2-devel.x86_64                                   3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
compat-wxGTK3-gtk2-gl.x86_64                                      3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
compat-wxGTK3-gtk2-media.x86_64                                   3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
compiler-rt.x86_64                                                15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
compose-utils.noarch                                              0.1.26-1.el8                                                      epel      
composer-cli.x86_64                                               28.14.70-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
conda.noarch                                                      4.10.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
configsnap.noarch                                                 0.20.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
conky.x86_64                                                      1.19.2-1.1.el8                                                    epel      
conky-manager.x86_64                                              2.3.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
conman.x86_64                                                     0.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
conmon.x86_64                                                     3:2.1.6-1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                           AppStream 
connect-proxy.x86_64                                              1.100-22.el8                                                      epel      
conntrack-tools.x86_64                                            1.4.4-11.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
conntrack-tools-doc.noarch                                        1.4.4-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
conserver.x86_64                                                  8.2.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
conserver-client.x86_64                                           8.2.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
console-bridge.x86_64                                             0.3.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
console-bridge-devel.x86_64                                       0.3.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
conspy.x86_64                                                     1.14-2.el8                                                        epel      
container-exception-logger.x86_64                                 1.0.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
contractor.x86_64                                                 0.3.5-9.el8                                                       epel      
converseen.x86_64                                                 0.11.0.0-2.el8                                                    epel      
convmv.noarch                                                     2.05-11.an8                                                       AppStream 
copr-builder.x86_64                                               0.69-1.el8                                                        epel      
copr-cli.noarch                                                   1.110-1.el8                                                       epel      
copr-distgit-client.x86_64                                        0.69-1.el8                                                        epel      
copr-rpmbuild.x86_64                                              0.69-1.el8                                                        epel      
copr-selinux.noarch                                               1.54-1.el8                                                        epel      
copyq.x86_64                                                      6.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
corectrl.x86_64                                                   1.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
coreos-installer.x86_64                                           0.15.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
coreos-installer-bootinfra.x86_64                                 0.15.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
coreos-installer-dracut.x86_64                                    0.15.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
coreutils.x86_64                                                  8.30-15.an8                                                       BaseOS    
coreutils-common.x86_64                                           8.30-15.an8                                                       BaseOS    
corosync.x86_64                                                   3.1.7-0.1.el8.1                                                   epel      
corosync-vqsim.x86_64                                             3.1.7-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
corosynclib.x86_64                                                3.1.7-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
corosynclib-devel.x86_64                                          3.1.7-0.1.el8.1                                                   epel      
cotila-devel.noarch                                               1.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
coturn.x86_64                                                     4.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
coturn-client-devel.x86_64                                        4.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
coturn-client-libs.x86_64                                         4.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
coturn-utils.x86_64                                               4.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
courier-unicode.x86_64                                            2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
courier-unicode-devel.x86_64                                      2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
cowsay.noarch                                                     3.04-16.el8                                                       epel      
cpanspec.noarch                                                   1.78-27.el8                                                       epel      
cpp-hocon.x86_64                                                  0.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
cpp-hocon-devel.x86_64                                            0.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
cpp-httplib-devel.x86_64                                          0.12.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
cpp-jwt-devel.x86_64                                              1.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
cppad-devel.x86_64                                                20220000.4-1.el8                                                  epel      
cppad-doc.noarch                                                  20220000.4-1.el8                                                  epel      
cppcheck.x86_64                                                   2.4-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
cpphs.x86_64                                                      1.20.8-4.el8                                                      epel      
cppunit.x86_64                                                    1.14.0-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
cppunit-devel.x86_64                                              1.14.0-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
cppunit-doc.x86_64                                                1.14.0-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
cpputest-devel.x86_64                                             4.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
cppzmq-devel.x86_64                                               4.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
cpufetch.x86_64                                                   1.03-1.el8                                                        epel      
cpuid.x86_64                                                      20230505-2.el8                                                    epel      
cpulimit.x86_64                                                   1:0.2-13.20151118gitf4d2682.el8                                   epel      
cqrlog.x86_64                                                     2.4.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
cracklib-devel.x86_64                                             2.9.6-15.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cracklib-doc.noarch                                               2.9.6-15.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
crash.x86_64                                                      8.0.2-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
crash-devel.x86_64                                                8.0.2-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
crash-doc.noarch                                                  8.0.2-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
crash-gcore-command.x86_64                                        1.6.3-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
crash-ptdump-command.x86_64                                       1.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
crash-trace-command.x86_64                                        3.0-6.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
crda.noarch                                                       3.18_2020.04.29-1.0.1.an8                                         BaseOS    
crda-doc.noarch                                                   3.18_2020.04.29-1.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
create-fake-rpm.noarch                                            4-1.el8                                                           epel      
createrepo_c.x86_64                                               0.20.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
createrepo_c-devel.x86_64                                         0.20.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                                          0.20.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
crit.x86_64                                                       3.15-4.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11097+730be896                          AppStream 
criu-devel.x86_64                                                 3.15-4.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11097+730be896                          AppStream 
criu-libs.x86_64                                                  3.15-4.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11097+730be896                          AppStream 
cronie.x86_64                                                     1.5.2-8.an8                                                       BaseOS    
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                             1.5.2-8.an8                                                       BaseOS    
cronie-noanacron.x86_64                                           1.5.2-8.an8                                                       BaseOS    
cronolog.x86_64                                                   1.6.2-34.el8                                                      epel      
crontabs.noarch                                                   1.11-17.20190603git.an8                                           BaseOS    
cros-garcon.noarch                                                1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-guest-tools.noarch                                           1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-host-fonts.noarch                                            1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-logging.noarch                                               1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-notificationd.noarch                                         1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-pulse-config.noarch                                          1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-sftp.noarch                                                  1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-sommelier.noarch                                             1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-sommelier-config.noarch                                      1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-sudo-config.noarch                                           1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-systemd-overrides.noarch                                     1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-ui-config.noarch                                             1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cros-wayland.noarch                                               1.0-0.39.20200806git19eab9e.el8                                   epel      
cross-binutils-common.noarch                                      2.38-3.el8                                                        epel      
cross-gcc-common.noarch                                           12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
crudini.noarch                                                    0.9.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
crun.x86_64                                                       1.8.4-2.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                             AppStream 
crun-wasm.x86_64                                                  0.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
crypto-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.0-2.20210330git837705e.el8                                    epel      
cryptopp.x86_64                                                   8.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
cryptopp-devel.x86_64                                             8.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
cryptopp-doc.noarch                                               8.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
cryptopp-progs.x86_64                                             8.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
cryptsetup-devel.x86_64                                           2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cryptsetup-doc.noarch                                             2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
cryptsetup-reencrypt.x86_64                                       2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
crystalhd-firmware.noarch                                         3.10.0-22.el8                                                     epel      
csbuild.noarch                                                    3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csclng.x86_64                                                     2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
cscope.x86_64                                                     15.9-17.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cscope-doc.noarch                                                 15.9-17.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
cscppc.x86_64                                                     2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
csdiff.x86_64                                                     3.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
csexec.x86_64                                                     2.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
csgcca.x86_64                                                     2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmatch.x86_64                                                    2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock.noarch                                                     3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-common.noarch                                              3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-bandit.noarch                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-cbmc.noarch                                         3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-clang.noarch                                        3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-cppcheck.noarch                                     3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-divine.noarch                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-gitleaks.noarch                                     3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-infer.noarch                                        3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-pylint.noarch                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-shellcheck.noarch                                   3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-smatch.noarch                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-snyk.noarch                                         3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-strace.noarch                                       3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-symbiotic.noarch                                    3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-unicontrol.noarch                                   3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csmock-plugin-valgrind.noarch                                     3.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
csnappy.x86_64                                                    0-16.20181121git973f62f.el8                                       epel      
csnappy-devel.x86_64                                              0-16.20181121git973f62f.el8                                       epel      
csv.noarch                                                        0.08-25.el8                                                       epel      
cswrap.x86_64                                                     2.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
ctags-doc.noarch                                                  5.8-23.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
ctags-etags.x86_64                                                5.8-23.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
ctdb.x86_64                                                       4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
ctpl.x86_64                                                       0.3.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
ctpl-devel.x86_64                                                 0.3.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
ctpl-doc.noarch                                                   0.3.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
ctpl-libs.x86_64                                                  0.3.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
ctstream.noarch                                                   33-1.el8                                                          epel      
cube.x86_64                                                       4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
cube-devel.x86_64                                                 4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
cube-doc.noarch                                                   4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
cube-guilib.x86_64                                                4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
cube-guilib-devel.x86_64                                          4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
cube-libs.x86_64                                                  4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
cube-libs-devel.x86_64                                            4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
culmus-aharoni-clm-fonts.noarch                                   0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-caladings-clm-fonts.noarch                                 0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-david-clm-fonts.noarch                                     0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-drugulin-clm-fonts.noarch                                  0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-ellinia-clm-fonts.noarch                                   0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-fonts-common.noarch                                        0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-frank-ruehl-clm-fonts.noarch                               0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-hadasim-clm-fonts.noarch                                   0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-keteryg-fonts.noarch                                       0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-miriam-clm-fonts.noarch                                    0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-miriam-mono-clm-fonts.noarch                               0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-nachlieli-clm-fonts.noarch                                 0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-shofar-fonts.noarch                                        0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-simple-clm-fonts.noarch                                    0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-stamashkenaz-clm-fonts.noarch                              0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-stamsefarad-clm-fonts.noarch                               0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
culmus-yehuda-clm-fonts.noarch                                    0.133-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
cups.x86_64                                                       1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cups-client.x86_64                                                1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cups-devel.x86_64                                                 1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cups-doc.noarch                                                   1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
cups-filesystem.noarch                                            1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cups-filters.x86_64                                               1.20.0-29.0.1.an8.2                                               AppStream 
cups-filters-devel.x86_64                                         1.20.0-29.0.1.an8.2                                               AppStream 
cups-filters-doc.noarch                                           1.20.0-29.0.1.an8.2                                               PowerTools
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                                          1.20.0-29.0.1.an8.2                                               AppStream 
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                               1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cups-lpd.x86_64                                                   1:2.2.6-52.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
cups-pdf.x86_64                                                   3.0.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                             0.2.6-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
cups-pk-helper-doc.noarch                                         0.2.6-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
curl-doc.noarch                                                   7.61.1-31.0.3.an8.2                                               PowerTools
curl-minimal.x86_64                                               7.61.1-31.0.3.an8.2                                               AppStream 
cutter-re.x86_64                                                  2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
cutter-re-devel.x86_64                                            2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
cvs.x86_64                                                        1.11.23-52.el8                                                    epel      
cvs-contrib.noarch                                                1.11.23-52.el8                                                    epel      
cvs-doc.noarch                                                    1.11.23-52.el8                                                    epel      
cvs-inetd.noarch                                                  1.11.23-52.el8                                                    epel      
cyrus-imapd.x86_64                                                3.0.7-24.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cyrus-imapd-utils.x86_64                                          3.0.7-24.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cyrus-imapd-vzic.x86_64                                           3.0.7-24.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                                 2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                                           2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-doc.noarch                                             2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                PowerTools
cyrus-sasl-gs2.x86_64                                             2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                                          2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-ldap.x86_64                                            2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                             2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.x86_64                                            2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                                           2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                                           2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-sql.x86_64                                             2.1.27-6.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
czmq.x86_64                                                       4.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
czmq-devel.x86_64                                                 4.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
d-din-condensed-fonts.noarch                                      1.0-6.el8                                                         epel      
d-din-exp-fonts.noarch                                            1.0-6.el8                                                         epel      
d-din-fonts.noarch                                                1.0-6.el8                                                         epel      
daala-devel.x86_64                                                0-16.20200512git0b5ce2f.el8                                       epel      
daala-libs.x86_64                                                 0-16.20200512git0b5ce2f.el8                                       epel      
daala-tools.x86_64                                                0-16.20200512git0b5ce2f.el8                                       epel      
daemonize.x86_64                                                  1.7.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
dahdi-tools.x86_64                                                2.11.1-16.el8                                                     epel      
dahdi-tools-devel.x86_64                                          2.11.1-16.el8                                                     epel      
dahdi-tools-libs.x86_64                                           2.11.1-16.el8                                                     epel      
daq.x86_64                                                        2.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
daq-devel.x86_64                                                  2.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
daq-modules.x86_64                                                2.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
dar.x86_64                                                        2.7.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
darktable.x86_64                                                  3.8.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
darktable-tools-noise.x86_64                                      3.8.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
dash.x86_64                                                       0.5.10.2-4.el8                                                    epel      
datamash.x86_64                                                   1.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
dateutils.x86_64                                                  0.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
dav1d.x86_64                                                      0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
davfs2.x86_64                                                     1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
davix.x86_64                                                      0.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
davix-devel.x86_64                                                0.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
davix-doc.noarch                                                  0.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
davix-libs.x86_64                                                 0.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
davix-tests.x86_64                                                0.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
daxctl.x86_64                                                     71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
daxctl-devel.x86_64                                               71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                                71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
daxio.x86_64                                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
dbench.x86_64                                                     4.0-20.el8                                                        epel      
dblatex.noarch                                                    0.3.10-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
dbus-broker.x86_64                                                28-3.el8                                                          epel      
dbus-c++.x86_64                                                   0.9.0-17.an8                                                      AppStream 
dbus-c++-devel.x86_64                                             0.9.0-17.an8                                                      AppStream 
dbus-c++-glib.x86_64                                              0.9.0-17.an8                                                      AppStream 
dbus-devel.x86_64                                                 1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
dbus-doc.noarch                                                   1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                                            0.110-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dbus-glib-doc.noarch                                              0.110-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dbus-python-doc.noarch                                            1.2.4-15.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
dbus-x11.x86_64                                                   1:1.12.8-25.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                                               0.9.3-0.20.20160218.el8.1                                         epel      
dbusmenu-qt5-devel.x86_64                                         0.9.3-0.20.20160218.el8.1                                         epel      
dbxtool.x86_64                                                    8-5.0.2.an8.2                                                     BaseOS    
dc3dd.x86_64                                                      7.2.646-13.el8                                                    epel      
dcap.x86_64                                                       2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcap-devel.x86_64                                                 2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcap-libs.x86_64                                                  2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcap-tunnel-gsi.x86_64                                            2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcap-tunnel-krb.x86_64                                            2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcap-tunnel-ssl.x86_64                                            2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcap-tunnel-telnet.x86_64                                         2.47.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
dcfldd.x86_64                                                     1.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
dcmtk.x86_64                                                      3.6.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
dcmtk-devel.x86_64                                                3.6.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
dconf.x86_64                                                      0.28.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dconf-devel.x86_64                                                0.28.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dconf-editor.x86_64                                               3.28.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dcraw.x86_64                                                      9.28.0-13.an8                                                     AppStream 
dcrpm.noarch                                                      0.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
dcw-gmt.noarch                                                    1.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
dd_rescue.x86_64                                                  1.99.12-3.el8                                                     epel      
ddclient.noarch                                                   3.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ddd.x86_64                                                        3.3.12-33.el8                                                     epel      
ddgr.noarch                                                       1.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
ddrescue.x86_64                                                   1.27-1.el8                                                        epel      
ddupdate.noarch                                                   0.7.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
debbuild.noarch                                                   20.04.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
debconf.noarch                                                    1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
debconf-LDAP.noarch                                               1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
debconf-doc.noarch                                                1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
debconf-gnome.noarch                                              1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
debconf-i18n.noarch                                               1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
debconf-utils.noarch                                              1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
debhelper.noarch                                                  12.7.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
debmirror.noarch                                                  2.38-1.el8                                                        epel      
debugbreak-devel.x86_64                                           1.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
decnumber-devel.x86_64                                            3.68.0-2.20210330gitda66509.el8                                   epel      
decnumber-doc.noarch                                              3.68.0-2.20210330gitda66509.el8                                   epel      
dehydrated.noarch                                                 0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
deja-dup.x86_64                                                   40.7-1.el8                                                        epel      
deja-dup-nautilus.x86_64                                          40.7-1.el8                                                        epel      
dejagnu.noarch                                                    1:1.6.1-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
dejavu-lgc-sans-fonts.noarch                                      2.35-7.an8                                                        AppStream 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                                     2.35-7.an8                                                        BaseOS    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                                         2.35-7.an8                                                        BaseOS    
delve.x86_64                                                      1.9.1-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                         AppStream 
desktop-backgrounds-basic.noarch                                  31.0.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                                 31.0.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
desktop-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                  31.0.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
desktop-backgrounds-waves.noarch                                  31.0.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                                         0.26-6.an8                                                        AppStream 
devhelp.x86_64                                                    1:40.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
devhelp-devel.x86_64                                              1:40.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
devhelp-libs.x86_64                                               1:40.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
device-mapper-devel.x86_64                                        8:1.02.181-9.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
device-mapper-event-devel.x86_64                                  8:1.02.181-9.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                                    0.8.4-37.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
device-mapper-multipath-devel.x86_64                              0.8.4-37.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                               0.8.4-37.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
device-mapper-persistent-data-doc.noarch                          0.9.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
devilspie2.x86_64                                                 0.44-1.el8                                                        epel      
dfc.x86_64                                                        3.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
dfuzzer.x86_64                                                    2.2-4.el8                                                         epel      
dgit.noarch                                                       9.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
dh-autoreconf.noarch                                              19-6.el8                                                          epel      
dh-make.noarch                                                    2.202302-1.el8                                                    epel      
dhcp-devel-doc.noarch                                             12:4.3.6-49.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
dhcp-relay.x86_64                                                 12:4.3.6-49.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
dhcp-server.x86_64                                                12:4.3.6-49.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
dhcpcd.x86_64                                                     10.0.2-7.el8                                                      epel      
dhcpd-pools.x86_64                                                3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
dhcpdump.x86_64                                                   1.8-5.el8                                                         epel      
dhcping.x86_64                                                    1.2-23.el8                                                        epel      
dhtest.x86_64                                                     1.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
dia.x86_64                                                        1:0.97.3-19.el8                                                   epel      
dialog.x86_64                                                     1.3-13.20171209.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
dialog-doc.noarch                                                 1.3-13.20171209.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
dib-utils.noarch                                                  0.0.11-12.el8                                                     epel      
did.noarch                                                        0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
dieharder.x86_64                                                  3.31.1-25.el8                                                     epel      
dieharder-devel.x86_64                                            3.31.1-25.el8                                                     epel      
dieharder-libs.x86_64                                             3.31.1-25.el8                                                     epel      
diff-pdf.x86_64                                                   0.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
diffmark.x86_64                                                   0.10-20.el8                                                       epel      
diffmark-devel.x86_64                                             0.10-20.el8                                                       epel      
difftastic.x86_64                                                 0.51.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
diffutils-doc.noarch                                              3.6-6.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
digikam.x86_64                                                    7.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
digikam-devel.x86_64                                              7.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
digikam-doc.noarch                                                7.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
digikam-libs.x86_64                                               7.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
digitemp.x86_64                                                   3.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
dionaea.x86_64                                                    0.7.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
dionaea-doc.noarch                                                0.7.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
directory-maven-plugin.noarch                                     0.3.1-2.module+an8.4.0+10227+fca8584a                             AppStream 
directory-maven-plugin-javadoc.noarch                             0.3.1-2.module+an8.4.0+10227+fca8584a                             AppStream 
dirsplit.x86_64                                                   1.1.11-39.el8                                                     AppStream 
discount.x86_64                                                   2.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
disk-utilities.x86_64                                             2021.03.20-1.el8                                                  epel      
diskimage-builder.noarch                                          3.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
disktype.x86_64                                                   9-29.el8                                                          epel      
dislocker.x86_64                                                  0.7.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
dislocker-libs.x86_64                                             0.7.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
dispenso.x86_64                                                   1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
dispenso-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
dist-git.noarch                                                   1.16-3.el8                                                        epel      
dist-git-selinux.noarch                                           1.16-3.el8                                                        epel      
distcc.x86_64                                                     3.3.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
distcc-server.x86_64                                              3.3.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
distgen.noarch                                                    1.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
distribution-gpg-keys-copr.noarch                                 1.97-1.el8                                                        epel      
distrobox.noarch                                                  1.5.0.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
djvulibre.x86_64                                                  3.5.28-3.el8                                                      epel      
djvulibre-devel.x86_64                                            3.5.28-3.el8                                                      epel      
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                                             3.5.28-3.el8                                                      epel      
dkms.noarch                                                       3.0.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
dl_poly-common.noarch                                             1.10-12.el8                                                       epel      
dl_poly-doc.noarch                                                1.10-12.el8                                                       epel      
dl_poly-gui.noarch                                                1.10-12.el8                                                       epel      
dl_poly-mpich.x86_64                                              1.10-12.el8                                                       epel      
dl_poly-openmpi.x86_64                                            1.10-12.el8                                                       epel      
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                                      0.3.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dleyna-connector-dbus-doc.noarch                                  0.3.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dleyna-core.x86_64                                                0.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dleyna-core-doc.noarch                                            0.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                                            0.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dleyna-renderer-doc.noarch                                        0.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dleyna-server.x86_64                                              0.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dleyna-server-doc.noarch                                          0.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dlm-lib.x86_64                                                    4.1.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
dmenu.x86_64                                                      5.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
dmidecode.x86_64                                                  1:3.3-5.0.2.an8                                                   BaseOS    
dmidecode-doc.noarch                                              1:3.3-5.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
dmlite-apache-httpd.x86_64                                        1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-devel.x86_64                                               1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-docs.noarch                                                1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-dome.x86_64                                                1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-dpm-dsi.x86_64                                             1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-dpm-tester.x86_64                                          1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-dpm-xrootd.x86_64                                          1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-dpmdisk-domeonly.x86_64                                    1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-dpmhead-domeonly.x86_64                                    1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-libs.x86_64                                                1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-plugins-domeadapter.x86_64                                 1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-plugins-librarian.x86_64                                   1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-plugins-memcache.x86_64                                    1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-plugins-mysql.x86_64                                       1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-plugins-profiler.x86_64                                    1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-private-devel.x86_64                                       1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-puppet-dpm.noarch                                          1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmlite-shell.x86_64                                               1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
dmtcp.x86_64                                                      2.6.1~rc1-0.1.el8                                                 epel      
dmtcp-devel.x86_64                                                2.6.1~rc1-0.1.el8                                                 epel      
dnf-automatic.noarch                                              4.7.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
dnf-plugin-diff.noarch                                            1.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
dnf-plugin-ovl.noarch                                             0.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
dnscrypt-proxy.x86_64                                             2.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
dnsgen.noarch                                                     1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
dnsmap.x86_64                                                     0.30-18.el8                                                       epel      
dnsmasq.x86_64                                                    2.79-27.an8                                                       AppStream 
dnsmasq-utils.x86_64                                              2.79-27.an8                                                       AppStream 
dnsperf.x86_64                                                    2.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
dnssec-trigger.x86_64                                             0.15-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
dnssec-trigger-doc.noarch                                         0.15-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
dnssec-trigger-panel.x86_64                                       0.15-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
dnstop.x86_64                                                     20140915-10.el8                                                   epel      
dnstracer.x86_64                                                  1.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
docbook-dtds-doc.noarch                                           1.0-69.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
docbook-style-dsssl.noarch                                        1.79-25.el8                                                       AppStream 
docbook-style-xsl-doc.noarch                                      1.79.2-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
docbook-utils.noarch                                              0.6.14-44.an8                                                     AppStream 
docbook2X.x86_64                                                  0.8.8-29.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
docbook5-schemas.noarch                                           5.1-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
docbook5-style-xsl.noarch                                         1.79.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
docbook5-style-xsl-extensions.noarch                              1.79.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
docopt-cpp.x86_64                                                 0.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
docopt-cpp-devel.x86_64                                           0.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
doctest-devel.x86_64                                              2.4.8-4.el8                                                       epel      
dolphin.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
dolphin-devel.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
dolphin-libs.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
dolphin-plugins.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
dos2unix.x86_64                                                   7.4.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
dos2unix-doc.noarch                                               7.4.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dosfstools-doc.noarch                                             4.1-6.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
dotconf.x86_64                                                    1.3-18.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
dotconf-devel.x86_64                                              1.3-18.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
dotconf-doc.noarch                                                1.3-18.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
dotnet.x86_64                                                     6.0.122-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-3.0.x86_64                                    3.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-3.1.x86_64                                    3.1.32-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-5.0.x86_64                                    5.0.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-6.0.x86_64                                    6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-build-reference-packages.x86_64                            0-11.20211215git045b288.0.1.an8                                   AppStream 
dotnet-host.x86_64                                                6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-host-fxr-2.1.x86_64                                        2.1.30-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
dotnet-hostfxr-3.0.x86_64                                         3.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dotnet-hostfxr-3.1.x86_64                                         3.1.32-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-hostfxr-5.0.x86_64                                         5.0.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
dotnet-hostfxr-6.0.x86_64                                         6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-runtime-2.1.x86_64                                         2.1.30-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
dotnet-runtime-3.0.x86_64                                         3.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dotnet-runtime-3.1.x86_64                                         3.1.32-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-runtime-5.0.x86_64                                         5.0.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
dotnet-runtime-6.0.x86_64                                         6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-2.1.x86_64                                             2.1.526-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-2.1.5xx.x86_64                                         2.1.526-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-3.0.x86_64                                             3.0.103-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-3.1.x86_64                                             3.1.426-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-3.1-source-built-artifacts.x86_64                      3.1.426-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
dotnet-sdk-5.0.x86_64                                             5.0.214-1.0.1.an8_6                                               AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-5.0-source-built-artifacts.x86_64                      5.0.214-1.0.1.an8_6                                               PowerTools
dotnet-sdk-6.0.x86_64                                             6.0.122-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-6.0-source-built-artifacts.x86_64                      6.0.122-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-3.0.x86_64                                  3.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-3.1.x86_64                                  3.1.32-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-5.0.x86_64                                  5.0.17-1.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                                  6.0.22-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
dotnet-templates-3.0.x86_64                                       3.0.103-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-templates-3.1.x86_64                                       3.1.426-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet-templates-5.0.x86_64                                       5.0.214-1.0.1.an8_6                                               AppStream 
dotnet-templates-6.0.x86_64                                       6.0.122-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
dotnet5.0-build-reference-packages.x86_64                         0-13.20211119git6ce5818.an8                                       PowerTools
double-conversion.x86_64                                          3.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
double-conversion-devel.x86_64                                    3.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
double-conversion-static.x86_64                                   3.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
dovecot.x86_64                                                    1:2.3.16-3.an8                                                    AppStream 
dovecot-devel.x86_64                                              1:2.3.16-3.an8                                                    AppStream 
dovecot-fts-xapian.x86_64                                         1.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
dovecot-mysql.x86_64                                              1:2.3.16-3.an8                                                    AppStream 
dovecot-pgsql.x86_64                                              1:2.3.16-3.an8                                                    AppStream 
dovecot-pigeonhole.x86_64                                         1:2.3.16-3.an8                                                    AppStream 
doxygen.x86_64                                                    1:1.8.14-12.el8                                                   AppStream 
doxygen-doxywizard.x86_64                                         1:1.8.14-12.el8                                                   AppStream 
doxygen-latex.x86_64                                              1:1.8.14-12.el8                                                   AppStream 
dpdk.x86_64                                                       21.11-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
dpdk-devel.x86_64                                                 21.11-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
dpdk-doc.noarch                                                   21.11-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
dpdk-tools.x86_64                                                 21.11-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
dpkg-dev.noarch                                                   1.20.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
dpkg-devel.x86_64                                                 1.20.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
dpkg-perl.noarch                                                  1.20.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
dr_flac-devel.noarch                                              0.12.41-0.22.20230617git056b6f5.el8                               epel      
dr_libs-devel.noarch                                              0-0.22.20230617git056b6f5.el8                                     epel      
dr_libs-doc.noarch                                                0-0.22.20230617git056b6f5.el8                                     epel      
dr_mp3-devel.noarch                                               0.6.36-0.22.20230617git056b6f5.el8                                epel      
dr_wav-devel.noarch                                               0.13.10-0.22.20230617git056b6f5.el8                               epel      
dracut-caps.x86_64                                                049-223.git20230119.an8                                           BaseOS    
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                                      049-223.git20230119.an8                                           BaseOS    
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                                       049-223.git20230119.an8                                           BaseOS    
dracut-kiwi-lib.noarch                                            9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
dracut-kiwi-live.noarch                                           9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
dracut-kiwi-oem-dump.noarch                                       9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
dracut-kiwi-oem-repart.noarch                                     9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
dracut-kiwi-overlay.noarch                                        9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
dracut-kiwi-verity.x86_64                                         9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
dracut-live.x86_64                                                049-223.git20230119.an8                                           BaseOS    
dracut-tools.x86_64                                               049-223.git20230119.an8                                           BaseOS    
dragon.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
drawing.noarch                                                    0.4.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd.x86_64                                                       9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-bash-completion.x86_64                                       9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-pacemaker.x86_64                                             9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-rgmanager.x86_64                                             9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-selinux.x86_64                                               9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-udev.x86_64                                                  9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-utils.x86_64                                                 9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbd-xen.x86_64                                                   9.25.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
drbdlinks.noarch                                                  1.29-1.el8                                                        epel      
drgn.x86_64                                                       0.0.24-1.el8                                                      epel      
driverctl.noarch                                                  0.111-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
driverctl-doc.noarch                                              0.111-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dropbear.x86_64                                                   2019.78-5.el8                                                     epel      
dropwatch.x86_64                                                  1.5-1.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
drpm.x86_64                                                       0.4.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
drpm-devel.x86_64                                                 0.4.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
drpm-doc.noarch                                                   0.4.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
dselect.x86_64                                                    1.20.9-4.el8                                                      epel      
dsniff.x86_64                                                     2.4-0.33.b1.el8                                                   epel      
dssp.x86_64                                                       3.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
dtc.x86_64                                                        1.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
dub.x86_64                                                        1.31.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
duktape.x86_64                                                    2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
duktape-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
dumb-init.x86_64                                                  1.2.5-7.el8                                                       epel      
dump.x86_64                                                       1:0.4-0.36.b46.0.2.an8                                            BaseOS    
dump-doc.noarch                                                   1:0.4-0.36.b46.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
dumpet.x86_64                                                     2.1-21.el8                                                        epel      
duo_unix.x86_64                                                   1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
duo_unix-devel.x86_64                                             1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
duo_unix-doc.noarch                                               1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
duo_unix-selinux.x86_64                                           1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
duperemove.x86_64                                                 0.11.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
duplicity.x86_64                                                  0.8.21-1.el8                                                      epel      
duply.noarch                                                      2.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
dustin-domestic-manners-fonts.noarch                              20030527-19.el8                                                   epel      
dustin-dustismo-fonts-common.noarch                               20030318-20.el8                                                   epel      
dustin-dustismo-roman-fonts.noarch                                20030318-20.el8                                                   epel      
dustin-dustismo-sans-fonts.noarch                                 20030318-20.el8                                                   epel      
dvblast.x86_64                                                    3.4-6.el8                                                         epel      
dvd+rw-tools.x86_64                                               7.1-27.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
dvd+rw-tools-doc.noarch                                           7.1-27.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
dvdauthor.x86_64                                                  0.7.2-16.el8                                                      epel      
dwarves.x86_64                                                    1.24-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
dymo-cups-drivers.x86_64                                          1.4.0.5-8.el8                                                     epel      
dynamic-edt-3d.x86_64                                             1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
dynamic-edt-3d-devel.x86_64                                       1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
dyninst.x86_64                                                    12.1.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
dyninst-devel.x86_64                                              12.1.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
dyninst-doc.x86_64                                                12.1.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
dyninst-static.x86_64                                             12.1.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
dyninst-testsuite.x86_64                                          12.1.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
e00compr.x86_64                                                   1.0.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
e00compr-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
e00compr-libs.x86_64                                              1.0.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
e00compr-tools.x86_64                                             1.0.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
e2fsprogs-devel.x86_64                                            1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
e3.x86_64                                                         2.82-8.el8                                                        epel      
e_smi_tool.x86_64                                                 1.5.0^20220622gitf4ce871-3.el8                                    epel      
earcut-hpp-devel.noarch                                           2.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
earlyoom.x86_64                                                   1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
easy-rsa.noarch                                                   3.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
eatmydata.x86_64                                                  130-4.el8                                                         epel      
eb.x86_64                                                         4.4.3-14.el8                                                      epel      
eb-devel.x86_64                                                   4.4.3-14.el8                                                      epel      
ebranch.noarch                                                    0.0.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
ec2-hibinit-agent.noarch                                          1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
eccodes.x86_64                                                    2.31.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
eccodes-data.noarch                                               2.31.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
eccodes-devel.x86_64                                              2.31.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
eccodes-doc.noarch                                                2.31.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
ecdsautils.x86_64                                                 0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ecdsautils-devel.x86_64                                           0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ecdsautils-libs.x86_64                                            0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ecj.noarch                                                        1:4.20-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
eclipse-ecf-core.noarch                                           3.14.8-1.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-ecf-runtime.noarch                                        3.14.8-1.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-emf-core.noarch                                           1:2.22.0-1.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                          AppStream 
eclipse-emf-runtime.noarch                                        1:2.22.0-1.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                          AppStream 
eclipse-emf-xsd.noarch                                            1:2.22.0-1.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                          AppStream 
eclipse-equinox-osgi.x86_64                                       1:4.16-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-jdt.noarch                                                1:4.16-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-p2-discovery.noarch                                       1:4.16-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-pde.x86_64                                                1:4.16-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-platform.x86_64                                           1:4.16-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
eclipse-swt.x86_64                                                1:4.16-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
ed.x86_64                                                         1.14.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
ed-doc.noarch                                                     1.14.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
edac-ctl.x86_64                                                   0.18-20.el8                                                       epel      
edac-util.x86_64                                                  0.18-20.el8                                                       epel      
edac-utils.x86_64                                                 0.18-20.el8                                                       epel      
edflib.x86_64                                                     1.21-1.el8                                                        epel      
edflib-devel.x86_64                                               1.21-1.el8                                                        epel      
edg-gridftp-client.x86_64                                         1.2.9.2-19.el8                                                    epel      
edg-mkgridmap.noarch                                              4.0.4-9.el8                                                       epel      
editline.x86_64                                                   1.17.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
editline-devel.x86_64                                             1.17.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
editorconfig.x86_64                                               0.12.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
editorconfig-devel.x86_64                                         0.12.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                                          0.12.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                                  20220126gitbb1bba3d77-4.an8                                       AppStream 
edk2-tools-doc.noarch                                             20220126gitbb1bba3d77-4.an8                                       PowerTools
ee4j-parent.noarch                                                1.0.1-2.module+an8.4.0+10227+fca8584a                             AppStream 
efi-rpm-macros-doc.noarch                                         3-3.0.3.an8                                                       PowerTools
efibootmgr.x86_64                                                 16-1.0.2.an8                                                      BaseOS    
efibootmgr-doc.noarch                                             16-1.0.2.an8                                                      PowerTools
efifs.x86_64                                                      1.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
efivar.x86_64                                                     37-4.0.3.an8                                                      BaseOS    
efivar-devel.x86_64                                               37-4.0.3.an8                                                      AppStream 
efivar-doc.noarch                                                 37-4.0.3.an8                                                      PowerTools
efl.x86_64                                                        1.25.1-9.el8                                                      epel      
efl-devel.x86_64                                                  1.25.1-9.el8                                                      epel      
eg.noarch                                                         1.7.5.2-24.el8                                                    epel      
eggdrop.x86_64                                                    1.9.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
egl-wayland.x86_64                                                1.1.9-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
egl-wayland-doc.noarch                                            1.1.9-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
eglexternalplatform-devel.noarch                                  1.1-0.1.20180916git7c8f8e2.el8                                    AppStream 
eigen3-devel.noarch                                               3.3.4-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
eigen3-doc.noarch                                                 3.3.4-6.el8                                                       PowerTools
elements.x86_64                                                   5.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
elements-alexandria.x86_64                                        2.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
elements-alexandria-devel.x86_64                                  2.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
elements-alexandria-doc.noarch                                    2.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
elements-devel.x86_64                                             5.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
elements-doc.noarch                                               5.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
elfutils-debuginfod.x86_64                                        0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
elfutils-devel-static.x86_64                                      0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
elfutils-libelf-devel-static.x86_64                               0.188-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
elinks.x86_64                                                     0.12-0.58.pre6.el8                                                AppStream 
elk.x86_64                                                        6.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
elk-common.x86_64                                                 6.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
elk-mpich.x86_64                                                  6.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
elk-openmpi.x86_64                                                6.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
elk-species.noarch                                                6.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
elmon.x86_64                                                      13b1-13.el8                                                       epel      
emacs.x86_64                                                      1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                AppStream 
emacs-anthy-unicode.noarch                                        1.0.0.20201109-10.el8                                             epel      
emacs-common.x86_64                                               1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                AppStream 
emacs-doc.noarch                                                  1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                PowerTools
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                                1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                AppStream 
emacs-notmuch.noarch                                              0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
emacs-nox.x86_64                                                  1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                AppStream 
emacs-terminal.noarch                                             1:27.2-8.0.2.an8.1                                                AppStream 
emacs-yaml-mode.noarch                                            0.0.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
emoji-picker.noarch                                               2.1.0-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
enca.x86_64                                                       1.19-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
enca-devel.x86_64                                                 1.19-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
enchant.x86_64                                                    1:1.6.0-21.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
enchant-devel.x86_64                                              1:1.6.0-21.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
enchant-doc.noarch                                                1:1.6.0-21.0.2.an8                                                PowerTools
enchant2.x86_64                                                   2.2.15-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
enchant2-devel.x86_64                                             2.2.15-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
endlessh.x86_64                                                   1.1-2.el8                                                         epel      
engauge-digitizer.x86_64                                          1:12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
engauge-digitizer-doc.noarch                                      1:12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
engauge-digitizer-samples.noarch                                  1:12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
engrampa.x86_64                                                   1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
enscript.x86_64                                                   1.6.6-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
enscript-doc.noarch                                               1.6.6-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ensmallen-devel.x86_64                                            2.19.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
environment-modules-doc.noarch                                    4.5.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
eog.x86_64                                                        40.3-2.0.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
eog-doc.noarch                                                    40.3-2.0.2.an8                                                    PowerTools
eom.x86_64                                                        1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
eom-devel.x86_64                                                  1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
eot-utils.x86_64                                                  1.1-29.el8                                                        epel      
epel-aliyuncs-next-release.noarch                                 8-15.an8                                                          Extras    
epel-aliyuncs-release.noarch                                      8-15.an8                                                          Extras    
epel-next-release.noarch                                          8-19.el8                                                          epel      
epel-rpm-macros.noarch                                            8-39                                                              epel      
epel-rpm-macros-systemd.noarch                                    8-39                                                              epel      
epson-inkjet-printer-escpr.x86_64                                 1:1.7.21-1.1lsb3.2.el8                                            epel      
epstool.x86_64                                                    3.08-17.el8                                                       epel      
erfa.x86_64                                                       2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
erfa-devel.x86_64                                                 2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
erlang.x86_64                                                     22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-asn1.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-common_test.x86_64                                         22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-compiler.x86_64                                            22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-crypto.x86_64                                              22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-debugger.x86_64                                            22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-dialyzer.x86_64                                            22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-diameter.x86_64                                            22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-edoc.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-eldap.x86_64                                               22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-erl_docgen.x86_64                                          22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-erl_interface.x86_64                                       22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-erts.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-et.x86_64                                                  22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-eunit.x86_64                                               22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-examples.x86_64                                            22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-ftp.x86_64                                                 22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-hipe.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-inets.x86_64                                               22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-jinterface.x86_64                                          22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-kernel.x86_64                                              22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-megaco.x86_64                                              22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-mnesia.x86_64                                              22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-observer.x86_64                                            22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-odbc.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-os_mon.x86_64                                              22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-parsetools.x86_64                                          22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-public_key.x86_64                                          22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-reltool.x86_64                                             22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-runtime_tools.x86_64                                       22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-sasl.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-snmp.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-ssh.x86_64                                                 22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-ssl.x86_64                                                 22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-stdlib.x86_64                                              22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-syntax_tools.x86_64                                        22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-tftp.x86_64                                                22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-tools.x86_64                                               22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-wx.x86_64                                                  22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
erlang-xmerl.x86_64                                               22.0.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
esc.x86_64                                                        1.1.2-24.an8                                                      AppStream 
esmi_ib_library.x86_64                                            1.5.0^20220622gitf4ce871-3.el8                                    epel      
esmi_ib_library-devel.x86_64                                      1.5.0^20220622gitf4ce871-3.el8                                    epel      
esmi_ib_library-doc.noarch                                        1.5.0^20220622gitf4ce871-3.el8                                    epel      
esmtp.x86_64                                                      1.2-15.el8                                                        epel      
esmtp-local-delivery.x86_64                                       1.2-15.el8                                                        epel      
esound-daemon.x86_64                                              1:0.2.41-22.el8                                                   epel      
esound-devel.x86_64                                               1:0.2.41-22.el8                                                   epel      
esound-libs.x86_64                                                1:0.2.41-22.el8                                                   epel      
esound-tools.x86_64                                               1:0.2.41-22.el8                                                   epel      
espeak-ng.x86_64                                                  1.49.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
espeak-ng-doc.noarch                                              1.49.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
espresso-common.noarch                                            4.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
et.x86_64                                                         6.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
etckeeper.noarch                                                  1.18.20-1.el8                                                     epel      
etckeeper-dnf.noarch                                              1.18.20-1.el8                                                     epel      
eth-tools-basic.x86_64                                            1:11.4.0.0-201.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
eth-tools-fastfabric.x86_64                                       1:11.4.0.0-201.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
ettercap.x86_64                                                   0.8.3.1-4.el8                                                     epel      
evemu.x86_64                                                      2.7.0-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
evemu-libs.x86_64                                                 2.7.0-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
evince.x86_64                                                     40.5-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
evince-devel.x86_64                                               40.5-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
evince-libs.x86_64                                                40.5-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
evince-nautilus.x86_64                                            40.5-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
evince-previewer.x86_64                                           40.5-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                                         40.5-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
evolution.x86_64                                                  3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-bogofilter.x86_64                                       3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-data-server.x86_64                                      3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
evolution-data-server-devel.x86_64                                3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
evolution-data-server-doc.noarch                                  3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch                            3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
evolution-data-server-perl.x86_64                                 3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
evolution-data-server-tests.x86_64                                3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
evolution-devel.x86_64                                            3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-devel-docs.noarch                                       3.40.4-9.an8                                                      PowerTools
evolution-doc.noarch                                              3.40.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
evolution-ews.x86_64                                              3.40.4-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-ews-langpacks.noarch                                    3.40.4-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-help.noarch                                             3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-langpacks.noarch                                        3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-mapi.x86_64                                             3.40.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-mapi-langpacks.noarch                                   3.40.1-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-pst.x86_64                                              3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
evolution-spamassassin.x86_64                                     3.40.4-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
ewftools.x86_64                                                   20140608-16.el8                                                   epel      
exchange-bmc-os-info.noarch                                       1.8.18-18.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
execstack.x86_64                                                  0.5.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
exempi.x86_64                                                     2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.an8                                  AppStream 
exempi-devel.x86_64                                               2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.an8                                  AppStream 
exfatprogs.x86_64                                                 1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
exim.x86_64                                                       4.96.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
exim-greylist.x86_64                                              4.96.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
exim-mon.x86_64                                                   4.96.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
exim-mysql.x86_64                                                 4.96.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
exim-pgsql.x86_64                                                 4.96.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
exiv2.x86_64                                                      0.27.5-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
exiv2-devel.x86_64                                                0.27.5-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
exiv2-doc.noarch                                                  0.27.5-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                                 0.27.5-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
exo.x86_64                                                        4.16.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
exo-devel.x86_64                                                  4.16.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
expat-devel.x86_64                                                2.2.5-11.an8                                                      BaseOS    
expect-doc.noarch                                                 5.45.4-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
extra-cmake-modules.noarch                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
extundelete.x86_64                                                0.2.4-14.el8                                                      epel      
f2c.x86_64                                                        20190311-2.el8                                                    epel      
f2c-libs.x86_64                                                   20190311-2.el8                                                    epel      
f3.x86_64                                                         8.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
f31-backgrounds.noarch                                            31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-animated.noarch                                   31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-base.noarch                                       31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch                                31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-extras-gnome.noarch                               31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-extras-kde.noarch                                 31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-extras-mate.noarch                                31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-extras-xfce.noarch                                31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                      31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-kde.noarch                                        31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-mate.noarch                                       31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f31-backgrounds-xfce.noarch                                       31.0.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds.noarch                                            32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-animated.noarch                                   32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-base.noarch                                       32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch                                32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-extras-gnome.noarch                               32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-extras-kde.noarch                                 32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-extras-mate.noarch                                32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-extras-xfce.noarch                                32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                      32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-kde.noarch                                        32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-mate.noarch                                       32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f32-backgrounds-xfce.noarch                                       32.2.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds.noarch                                            34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-base.noarch                                       34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch                                34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-extras-gnome.noarch                               34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-extras-kde.noarch                                 34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-extras-mate.noarch                                34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-extras-xfce.noarch                                34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                      34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-kde.noarch                                        34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-mate.noarch                                       34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f34-backgrounds-xfce.noarch                                       34.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds.noarch                                            35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-base.noarch                                       35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch                                35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-extras-gnome.noarch                               35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-extras-kde.noarch                                 35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-extras-mate.noarch                                35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-extras-xfce.noarch                                35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                      35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-kde.noarch                                        35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-mate.noarch                                       35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f35-backgrounds-xfce.noarch                                       35.0.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds.noarch                                            36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-base.noarch                                       36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-extras-base.noarch                                36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-extras-gnome.noarch                               36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-extras-kde.noarch                                 36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-extras-mate.noarch                                36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-extras-xfce.noarch                                36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-gnome.noarch                                      36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-kde.noarch                                        36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-mate.noarch                                       36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
f36-backgrounds-xfce.noarch                                       36.1.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
fabtests.x86_64                                                   1.17.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
facter.x86_64                                                     3.14.24-1.el8                                                     epel      
facter-devel.x86_64                                               3.14.24-1.el8                                                     epel      
fail2ban.noarch                                                   1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-all.noarch                                               1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-firewalld.noarch                                         1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-hostsdeny.noarch                                         1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-mail.noarch                                              1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-selinux.noarch                                           1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-sendmail.noarch                                          1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-server.noarch                                            1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-shorewall.noarch                                         1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-shorewall-lite.noarch                                    1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-systemd.noarch                                           1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fail2ban-tests.noarch                                             1.0.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
fakechroot.x86_64                                                 2.20.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
fakechroot-libs.x86_64                                            2.20.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
fakeroot.x86_64                                                   1.32.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
fakeroot-libs.x86_64                                              1.32.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
fann.x86_64                                                       2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
fann-devel.x86_64                                                 2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
fapolicy-analyzer.x86_64                                          1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
fapolicyd.x86_64                                                  1.1.3-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
fapolicyd-doc.noarch                                              1.1.3-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
fapolicyd-selinux.noarch                                          1.1.3-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
farstream02.x86_64                                                0.2.8-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
farstream02-doc.noarch                                            0.2.8-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
fasjson-client.noarch                                             0.1.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
fast_float-devel.noarch                                           3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
fastd.x86_64                                                      22-6.el8                                                          epel      
fastfetch.x86_64                                                  1.12.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
fastfetch-bash-completion.noarch                                  1.12.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
fastlz.x86_64                                                     0.1.0-0.12.20070619svnrev12.el8                                   epel      
fastlz-devel.x86_64                                               0.1.0-0.12.20070619svnrev12.el8                                   epel      
fasttext.x86_64                                                   0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
fasttext-devel.x86_64                                             0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
fasttext-libs.x86_64                                              0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
fatresize.x86_64                                                  1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
fbf-mukti-fonts.noarch                                            3.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
fcgi.x86_64                                                       2.4.0-36.el8                                                      epel      
fcgi-devel.x86_64                                                 2.4.0-36.el8                                                      epel      
fcgiwrap.x86_64                                                   1.1.0-12.20181108git99c942c.el8                                   epel      
fcitx.x86_64                                                      4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-chewing.x86_64                                              0.2.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
fcitx-cloudpinyin.x86_64                                          0.3.7-2.el8                                                       epel      
fcitx-data.noarch                                                 4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-devel.x86_64                                                4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-fbterm.x86_64                                               0.2.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
fcitx-gtk2.x86_64                                                 4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-gtk3.x86_64                                                 4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-libs.x86_64                                                 4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-pinyin.x86_64                                               4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-qt5.x86_64                                                  1.2.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
fcitx-qt5-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
fcitx-qw.x86_64                                                   4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-table.x86_64                                                4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-table-chinese.noarch                                        4.2.9.7-3.el8                                                     epel      
fcitx-table-extra.noarch                                          0.3.8-7.el8                                                       epel      
fcitx-table-other.noarch                                          0.2.4-7.el8                                                       epel      
fcitx-ui-light.x86_64                                             0.1.3-18.el8                                                      epel      
fcitx-unikey.x86_64                                               0.2.7-7.el8                                                       epel      
fcl.x86_64                                                        0.6.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
fcl-devel.x86_64                                                  0.6.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
fcode-utils.x86_64                                                1.0.2-23.svn1354.el8                                              epel      
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                                 1.0.33-4.git848bcc6.0.1.an8                                       BaseOS    
fcoe-utils-doc.noarch                                             1.0.33-4.git848bcc6.0.1.an8                                       PowerTools
fctxpd.x86_64                                                     0.2-4.20210326gitc4dba7f.el8                                      epel      
fd-find.x86_64                                                    8.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                               2.0.0-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
fdo-admin-cli.x86_64                                              0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdo-client.x86_64                                                 0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdo-init.x86_64                                                   0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdo-manufacturing-server.x86_64                                   0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdo-owner-cli.x86_64                                              0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdo-owner-onboarding-server.x86_64                                0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdo-rendezvous-server.x86_64                                      0.4.5-1.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
fdupes.x86_64                                                     1:2.2.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
featherpad.x86_64                                                 1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedfind.noarch                                                    5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedmsg.noarch                                                     1.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedmsg-base.noarch                                                1.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedmsg-doc.noarch                                                 1.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedora-license-data.noarch                                        1.31-1.el8                                                        epel      
fedora-messaging.noarch                                           3.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedora-messaging-doc.noarch                                       3.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
fedora-packager.noarch                                            0.6.0.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
fedora-packager-yubikey.noarch                                    0.6.0.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
fedora-repo-zdicts.noarch                                         2309.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
fedpkg.noarch                                                     1.44-4.el8                                                        epel      
fedpkg-minimal.noarch                                             1.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
fedpkg-stage.noarch                                               1.44-4.el8                                                        epel      
felix-gogo-command.noarch                                         1.0.2-11.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
felix-gogo-runtime.noarch                                         1.1.0-7.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
felix-gogo-shell.noarch                                           1.1.0-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
felix-scr.noarch                                                  2.1.16-6.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
fence-agents-all.x86_64                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-amt-ws.noarch                                        4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-apc.noarch                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-apc-snmp.noarch                                      4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-bladecenter.noarch                                   4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-brocade.noarch                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-cisco-mds.noarch                                     4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-cisco-ucs.noarch                                     4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-common.noarch                                        4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-compute.x86_64                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-drac5.noarch                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-eaton-snmp.noarch                                    4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-emerson.noarch                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-eps.noarch                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-heuristics-ping.noarch                               4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-hpblade.noarch                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ibm-powervs.noarch                                   4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ibm-vpc.noarch                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ibmblade.noarch                                      4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ifmib.noarch                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo-moonshot.noarch                                  4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo-mp.noarch                                        4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo-ssh.noarch                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo2.noarch                                          4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-intelmodular.noarch                                  4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ipdu.noarch                                          4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-ipmilan.noarch                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-kdump.x86_64                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-kubevirt.x86_64                                      4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-lpar.noarch                                          4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-mpath.noarch                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-redfish.x86_64                                       4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-rhevm.noarch                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-rsa.noarch                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-rsb.noarch                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-sbd.noarch                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-scsi.noarch                                          4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-virsh.noarch                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-vmware-rest.noarch                                   4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-vmware-soap.noarch                                   4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-agents-wti.noarch                                           4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virt.x86_64                                                 4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virtd.x86_64                                                4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virtd-cpg.x86_64                                            4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virtd-libvirt.x86_64                                        4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virtd-multicast.x86_64                                      4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virtd-serial.x86_64                                         4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fence-virtd-tcp.x86_64                                            4.10.0-43.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
fennel.noarch                                                     1.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
fernflower.noarch                                                 211.7442.40-7.el8                                                 epel      
fernflower-javadoc.noarch                                         211.7442.40-7.el8                                                 epel      
festival.x86_64                                                   2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festival-data.noarch                                              2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festival-devel.x86_64                                             2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festival-freebsoft-utils.noarch                                   0.10-5.el8                                                        epel      
festival-freebsoft-utils-doc.noarch                               0.10-5.el8                                                        epel      
festvox-awb-arctic-hts.noarch                                     2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festvox-bdl-arctic-hts.noarch                                     2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festvox-clb-arctic-hts.noarch                                     2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festvox-jmk-arctic-hts.noarch                                     2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festvox-kal-diphone.noarch                                        0.19990610-14.el8                                                 epel      
festvox-rab-diphone.noarch                                        0.19990610-14.el8                                                 epel      
festvox-rms-arctic-hts.noarch                                     2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
festvox-slt-arctic-hts.noarch                                     2.5.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
fetch-crl.noarch                                                  3.0.22-1.el8                                                      epel      
fetchmail.x86_64                                                  6.4.24-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
fex.x86_64                                                        2.0.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
ffado.x86_64                                                      2.4.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
fftw.x86_64                                                       3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-devel.x86_64                                                 3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-doc.noarch                                                   3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-libs.x86_64                                                  3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                                           3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                                             3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                                             3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                                           3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw-static.x86_64                                                3.3.8-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
fftw2.x86_64                                                      2.1.5-40.el8                                                      epel      
fftw2-devel.x86_64                                                2.1.5-40.el8                                                      epel      
fftw2-static.x86_64                                               2.1.5-40.el8                                                      epel      
fido2-tools.x86_64                                                1.11.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
fig2ps.noarch                                                     1.5-16.el8                                                        epel      
figlet.x86_64                                                     2.2.5-18.20151018gita565ae1.el8                                   epel      
file-devel.x86_64                                                 5.33-24.an8                                                       AppStream 
file-roller.x86_64                                                3.28.1-4.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
file-roller-doc.noarch                                            3.28.1-4.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
filelight.x86_64                                                  1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
filezilla.x86_64                                                  3.49.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
findutils-doc.noarch                                              1:4.6.0-20.0.2.an8.1                                              PowerTools
fio.x86_64                                                        3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-dev-dax.x86_64                                         3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-http.x86_64                                            3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-libaio.x86_64                                          3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-libpmem.x86_64                                         3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-nbd.x86_64                                             3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-pmemblk.x86_64                                         3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-rados.x86_64                                           3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-rbd.x86_64                                             3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fio-engine-rdma.x86_64                                            3.27-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
fips.x86_64                                                       3.4.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
fipscheck.x86_64                                                  1.5.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
fipscheck-devel.x86_64                                            1.5.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fipscheck-doc.noarch                                              1.5.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                              1.5.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
fira-code-fonts.noarch                                            6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
firebird.x86_64                                                   4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
firebird-devel.x86_64                                             4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
firebird-doc.noarch                                               4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
firebird-examples.noarch                                          4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
firebird-utils.x86_64                                             4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
firefox.x86_64                                                    115.3.1-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
firejail.x86_64                                                   0.9.72-1.el8                                                      epel      
firewall-applet.noarch                                            0.9.3-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
firewall-config.noarch                                            0.9.3-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
firewalld.noarch                                                  0.9.3-13.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                                       0.9.3-13.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
fish.x86_64                                                       3.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
flac.x86_64                                                       1.3.3-11.an8                                                      PowerTools
flac-devel.x86_64                                                 1.3.3-11.an8                                                      PowerTools
flac-libs.x86_64                                                  1.3.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
flacon.x86_64                                                     11.2.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
flamegraph.noarch                                                 1.0-12.20221102gitd9fcc27.20221102gitd9fcc27.el8                  epel      
flamegraph-demos.noarch                                           1.0-12.20221102gitd9fcc27.20221102gitd9fcc27.el8                  epel      
flamegraph-stackcollapse.noarch                                   1.0-12.20221102gitd9fcc27.20221102gitd9fcc27.el8                  epel      
flamegraph-stackcollapse-perf.noarch                              1.0-12.20221102gitd9fcc27.20221102gitd9fcc27.el8                  epel      
flamegraph-stackcollapse-php.noarch                               1.0-12.20221102gitd9fcc27.20221102gitd9fcc27.el8                  epel      
flamethrower.x86_64                                               0.11.0-7.el8                                                      epel      
flann.x86_64                                                      1.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
flann-devel.x86_64                                                1.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
flann-static.x86_64                                               1.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
flashrom.x86_64                                                   1.2-4.el8                                                         epel      
flashrom-devel.x86_64                                             1.2-4.el8                                                         epel      
flatpak.x86_64                                                    1.10.7-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
flatpak-builder.x86_64                                            1.0.14-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
flatpak-devel.x86_64                                              1.10.7-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                               1.10.7-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
flatpak-selinux.noarch                                            1.10.7-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                                     1.10.7-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
flatpak-spawn.x86_64                                              1.0.5-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
flatpak-xdg-utils.x86_64                                          1.0.5-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
fldigi.x86_64                                                     4.1.23-2.el8                                                      epel      
flex-doc.x86_64                                                   2.6.4-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
flite.x86_64                                                      1.3-31.el8                                                        AppStream 
flite-devel.x86_64                                                1.3-31.el8                                                        AppStream 
flopgen.x86_64                                                    0.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
fltk.x86_64                                                       1.3.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fltk-devel.x86_64                                                 1.3.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fltk-doc.noarch                                                   1.3.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
fluent-bit.x86_64                                                 1.8.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
fluid-soundfont-common.noarch                                     3.1-21.el8                                                        epel      
fluid-soundfont-gm.noarch                                         3.1-21.el8                                                        epel      
fluid-soundfont-gs.noarch                                         3.1-21.el8                                                        epel      
fluid-soundfont-lite-patches.noarch                               3.1-21.el8                                                        epel      
fluidsynth.x86_64                                                 2.1.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
fluidsynth-devel.x86_64                                           2.1.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
fluidsynth-libs.x86_64                                            2.1.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
flute.noarch                                                      1.3.0-18.OOo31.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
fluxbox.x86_64                                                    1.3.7-11.el8                                                      epel      
fluxbox-pulseaudio.noarch                                         1.3.7-11.el8                                                      epel      
fluxbox-vim-syntax.noarch                                         1.3.7-11.el8                                                      epel      
fmf.noarch                                                        1.2.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
fmt.x86_64                                                        6.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
fmt-devel.x86_64                                                  6.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
foliate.noarch                                                    1:1.5.3-3.el8                                                     epel      
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                                          4.7.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
fontawesome-fonts-web.noarch                                      4.7.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                                           2.13.1-4.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fontconfig-devel-doc.noarch                                       2.13.1-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
fontforge.x86_64                                                  20200314-5.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
fontforge-doc.noarch                                              20200314-5.0.2.an8                                                PowerTools
fontpackages-devel.noarch                                         1.44-22.el8                                                       AppStream 
fonts-compare.noarch                                              1.4.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
fonts-tweak-tool.x86_64                                           0.4.5-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
foomatic.x86_64                                                   4.0.12-23.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
foomatic-db.noarch                                                4.0-57.20180102.el8                                               AppStream 
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                                     4.0-57.20180102.el8                                               AppStream 
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                                           4.0-57.20180102.el8                                               AppStream 
foomatic-doc.noarch                                               4.0.12-23.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
fortune-mod.x86_64                                                3.6.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
fpack.x86_64                                                      3.47-1.el8                                                        epel      
fpart.x86_64                                                      1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
fpaste.noarch                                                     0.4.0.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
fpc.x86_64                                                        3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
fpc-doc.x86_64                                                    3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
fpc-src.noarch                                                    3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                                            1.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
fpdns.noarch                                                      0.10.0-1.20190131.el8                                             epel      
fping.x86_64                                                      4.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
fpm2.x86_64                                                       0.90-1.el8                                                        epel      
fprintd.x86_64                                                    1.94.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                                1.94.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
freecolor.x86_64                                                  0.9.3-10.el8                                                      epel      
freeglut.x86_64                                                   3.2.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                             3.2.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
freeimage.x86_64                                                  3.17.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
freeimage-devel.x86_64                                            3.17.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
freeimage-plus.x86_64                                             3.17.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
freeimage-plus-devel.x86_64                                       3.17.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
freeipmi.x86_64                                                   1.6.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog.x86_64                                      1.6.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
freeipmi-devel.x86_64                                             1.6.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
freeipmi-doc.noarch                                               1.6.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
freeipmi-ipmidetectd.x86_64                                       1.6.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
freeipmi-ipmiseld.x86_64                                          1.6.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
freeradius.x86_64                                                 3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-client.x86_64                                          1.1.7-20.el8                                                      epel      
freeradius-client-devel.x86_64                                    1.1.7-20.el8                                                      epel      
freeradius-client-utils.x86_64                                    1.1.7-20.el8                                                      epel      
freeradius-devel.x86_64                                           3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-doc.x86_64                                             3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-krb5.x86_64                                            3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-ldap.x86_64                                            3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-mysql.x86_64                                           3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-perl.x86_64                                            3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-postgresql.x86_64                                      3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-rest.x86_64                                            3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-sqlite.x86_64                                          3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-unixODBC.x86_64                                        3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freeradius-utils.x86_64                                           3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
freerdp.x86_64                                                    2:2.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
freerdp-devel.x86_64                                              2:2.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
freerdp-doc.noarch                                                2:2.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                               2:2.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
freetds.x86_64                                                    1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
freetds-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
freetds-doc.noarch                                                1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
freetds-libs.x86_64                                               1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
freetype-devel.x86_64                                             2.10.4-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
freexl.x86_64                                                     1.0.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
freexl-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
freexl-doc.noarch                                                 1.0.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
freeze.x86_64                                                     2.5.0-26.el8                                                      epel      
frei0r-devel.x86_64                                               1.6.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                             1.6.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
frei0r-plugins-doc.noarch                                         1.6.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
frei0r-plugins-opencv.x86_64                                      1.6.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
freight.noarch                                                    0.3.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.4-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fribidi-doc.noarch                                                1.0.4-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
frr.x86_64                                                        7.5.1-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
frr-doc.noarch                                                    7.5.1-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
frr-selinux.noarch                                                7.5.1-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fs_mark.x86_64                                                    3.3-20.el8                                                        epel      
fstrm.x86_64                                                      0.6.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
fstrm-devel.x86_64                                                0.6.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
fstrm-doc.noarch                                                  0.6.1-3.an8                                                       PowerTools
fsverity-utils.x86_64                                             1.4-6.el8                                                         epel      
fsverity-utils-devel.x86_64                                       1.4-6.el8                                                         epel      
fswatch.x86_64                                                    1.14.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
fswatch-devel.x86_64                                              1.14.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
fswatch-static.x86_64                                             1.14.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
fswebcam.x86_64                                                   20200725-1.el8                                                    epel      
ftgl.x86_64                                                       2.1.3-0.21.rc5.el8                                                epel      
ftgl-devel.x86_64                                                 2.1.3-0.21.rc5.el8                                                epel      
ftgl-docs.x86_64                                                  2.1.3-0.21.rc5.el8                                                epel      
ftp.x86_64                                                        0.17-78.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fts-rest-client.noarch                                            3.12.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
fuse.x86_64                                                       2.9.7-16.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fuse-afp.x86_64                                                   0.8.1-35.el8                                                      epel      
fuse-devel.x86_64                                                 2.9.7-16.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fuse-dislocker.x86_64                                             0.7.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
fuse-encfs.x86_64                                                 1.9.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
fuse-sshfs.x86_64                                                 2.8-7.an8                                                         AppStream 
fuse-zip.x86_64                                                   0.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
fuse3-devel.x86_64                                                3.3.0-16.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fusioninventory-agent.x86_64                                      2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-cron.x86_64                                 2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-task-collect.x86_64                         2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-task-deploy.noarch                          2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-task-esx.noarch                             2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-task-inventory.x86_64                       2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-task-network.noarch                         2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fusioninventory-agent-task-wakeonlan.noarch                       2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
fuzza.noarch                                                      0.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
fwknop.x86_64                                                     2.6.10-6.el8                                                      epel      
fwknop-devel.x86_64                                               2.6.10-6.el8                                                      epel      
fwupd.x86_64                                                      1.7.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
fwupd-devel.x86_64                                                1.7.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
fwupd-doc.noarch                                                  1.7.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
fwupdate.x86_64                                                   11-3.0.1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fwupdate-efi.x86_64                                               11-3.0.1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fwupdate-libs.x86_64                                              11-3.0.1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
fxload.x86_64                                                     2008_10_13-10.0.1.an8                                             BaseOS    
fxload-doc.noarch                                                 2008_10_13-10.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
g2clib-devel.x86_64                                               1.6.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
ga-common.noarch                                                  5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ga-mpich.x86_64                                                   5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ga-mpich-devel.x86_64                                             5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ga-mpich-static.x86_64                                            5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ga-openmpi.x86_64                                                 5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ga-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                           5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ga-openmpi-static.x86_64                                          5.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
galera.x86_64                                                     25.3.35-1.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                           AppStream 
game-music-emu.x86_64                                             0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
game-music-emu-devel.x86_64                                       0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
game-music-emu-player.x86_64                                      0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
gamemode.x86_64                                                   1.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
gamemode-devel.x86_64                                             1.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
gamin.x86_64                                                      0.1.10-32.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
gamin-devel.x86_64                                                0.1.10-32.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gamin-doc.noarch                                                  0.1.10-32.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
ganglia.x86_64                                                    3.7.2-40.el8                                                      epel      
ganglia-devel.x86_64                                              3.7.2-40.el8                                                      epel      
ganglia-gmetad.x86_64                                             3.7.2-40.el8                                                      epel      
ganglia-gmond.x86_64                                              3.7.2-40.el8                                                      epel      
ganglia-web.x86_64                                                3.7.5-40.el8                                                      epel      
garcon.x86_64                                                     4.16.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
garcon-devel.x86_64                                               4.16.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
gaupol.x86_64                                                     1.12-3.el8                                                        epel      
gavl.x86_64                                                       1.4.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gavl-doc.noarch                                                   1.4.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gawk-doc.noarch                                                   4.2.1-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gc-devel.x86_64                                                   8.0.4-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gcab.x86_64                                                       1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
gcab-doc.noarch                                                   1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
gcc-aarch64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-alpha-linux-gnu.x86_64                                        12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-arc-linux-gnu.x86_64                                          12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-arm-linux-gnu.x86_64                                          12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-avr32-linux-gnu.x86_64                                        12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-bfin-linux-gnu.x86_64                                         12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-aarch64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-alpha-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-arc-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-arm-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-avr32-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-bfin-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-c6x-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-frv-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-h8300-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-hppa-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-hppa64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-ia64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-m68k-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-microblaze-linux-gnu.x86_64                               12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-mips64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-mn10300-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-nios2-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-openrisc-linux-gnu.x86_64                                 12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-powerpc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-powerpc64le-linux-gnu.x86_64                              12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-ppc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-ppc64le-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-riscv64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-s390x-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-sparc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-tile-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-x86_64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c++-xtensa-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-c6x-linux-gnu.x86_64                                          12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-frv-linux-gnu.x86_64                                          12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                               8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
gcc-gnat.x86_64                                                   8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-go.x86_64                                                     8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-h8300-linux-gnu.x86_64                                        12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-hppa-linux-gnu.x86_64                                         12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-hppa64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                       12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-ia64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                         12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-m68k-linux-gnu.x86_64                                         12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-microblaze-linux-gnu.x86_64                                   12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-mips64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                       12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-mn10300-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-nios2-linux-gnu.x86_64                                        12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-objc.x86_64                                                   8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-objc++.x86_64                                                 8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-offload-nvptx.x86_64                                          8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
gcc-openrisc-linux-gnu.x86_64                                     12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                                           8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
gcc-powerpc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                    12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-powerpc64le-linux-gnu.x86_64                                  12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-ppc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                        12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-ppc64le-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-riscv64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-s390x-linux-gnu.x86_64                                        12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-sparc64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                      12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-tile-linux-gnu.x86_64                                         12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-toolset-10.x86_64                                             10.1-0.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-annobin.x86_64                                     9.29-2.an8.3                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-binutils.x86_64                                    2.35-11.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-binutils-devel.x86_64                              2.35-11.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-build.x86_64                                       10.1-0.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-dwz.x86_64                                         0.12-1.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-dyninst.x86_64                                     10.2.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-dyninst-devel.x86_64                               10.2.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-dyninst-doc.x86_64                                 10.2.1-2.an8                                                      PowerTools
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils.x86_64                                    0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                  0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64            0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-devel.x86_64                              0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                             0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                       0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-elfutils-libs.x86_64                               0.182-6.an8_4                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc.x86_64                                         10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-c++.x86_64                                     10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                              10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                            10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gdb.x86_64                                         9.2-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gdb-doc.noarch                                     9.2-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                               9.2-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libasan-devel.x86_64                               10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libatomic-devel.x86_64                             10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libitm-devel.x86_64                                10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-liblsan-devel.x86_64                               10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                           10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                             10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                              10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libtsan-devel.x86_64                               10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-libubsan-devel.x86_64                              10.3.1-1.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-ltrace.x86_64                                      0.7.91-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-make.x86_64                                        1:4.2.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-make-devel.x86_64                                  1:4.2.1-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-perftools.x86_64                                   10.1-0.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-runtime.x86_64                                     10.1-0.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-strace.x86_64                                      5.7-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap.x86_64                                   4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-client.x86_64                            4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-devel.x86_64                             4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-initscript.x86_64                        4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-runtime.x86_64                           4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                         4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-systemtap-server.x86_64                            4.4-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-toolchain.x86_64                                   10.1-0.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-valgrind.x86_64                                    1:3.16.0-6.an8_4                                                  AppStream 
gcc-toolset-10-valgrind-devel.x86_64                              1:3.16.0-6.an8_4                                                  AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11.x86_64                                             11.1-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-annobin-annocheck.x86_64                           10.23-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-annobin-docs.noarch                                10.23-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                          10.23-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-binutils.x86_64                                    2.36.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-binutils-devel.x86_64                              2.36.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-build.x86_64                                       11.1-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-dwz.x86_64                                         0.14-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst-devel.x86_64                               11.0.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-dyninst-doc.x86_64                                 11.0.0-2.an8                                                      PowerTools
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils.x86_64                                    0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                  0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64            0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-devel.x86_64                              0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                             0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                       0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-elfutils-libs.x86_64                               0.185-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc.x86_64                                         11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-c++.x86_64                                     11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                              11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                            11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gdb.x86_64                                         10.2-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gdb-doc.noarch                                     10.2-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                               10.2-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libasan-devel.x86_64                               11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libatomic-devel.x86_64                             11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit.x86_64                                   11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit-devel.x86_64                             11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libgccjit-docs.x86_64                              11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libitm-devel.x86_64                                11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-liblsan-devel.x86_64                               11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                           11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                             11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                              11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libtsan-devel.x86_64                               11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-libubsan-devel.x86_64                              11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-ltrace.x86_64                                      0.7.91-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-make.x86_64                                        1:4.3-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-make-devel.x86_64                                  1:4.3-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-perftools.x86_64                                   11.1-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-strace.x86_64                                      5.13-7.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap.x86_64                                   4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-client.x86_64                            4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-devel.x86_64                             4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-initscript.x86_64                        4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-runtime.x86_64                           4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                         4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-systemtap-server.x86_64                            4.5-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-toolchain.x86_64                                   11.1-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-valgrind.x86_64                                    1:3.17.0-6.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-11-valgrind-devel.x86_64                              1:3.17.0-6.an8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12.x86_64                                             12.0-6.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-annocheck.x86_64                           11.08-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-docs.noarch                                11.08-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64                          11.08-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils.x86_64                                    2.38-17.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-devel.x86_64                              2.38-17.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-gold.x86_64                               2.38-17.an8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-build.x86_64                                       12.0-6.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-dwz.x86_64                                         0.14-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc.x86_64                                         12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-c++.x86_64                                     12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                          12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                            12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gdb.x86_64                                         11.2-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-gdb-doc.noarch                                     11.2-3.an8                                                        PowerTools
gcc-toolset-12-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                               11.2-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libasan-devel.x86_64                               12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libatomic-devel.x86_64                             12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit.x86_64                                   12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-devel.x86_64                             12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-docs.x86_64                              12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libitm-devel.x86_64                                12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-liblsan-devel.x86_64                               12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                           12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                             12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                              12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libtsan-devel.x86_64                               12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-libubsan-devel.x86_64                              12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-offload-nvptx.x86_64                               12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gcc-toolset-12-runtime.x86_64                                     12.0-6.an8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9.x86_64                                              9.0-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-annobin.x86_64                                      9.08-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-binutils.x86_64                                     2.32-17.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-binutils-devel.x86_64                               2.32-17.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-build.x86_64                                        9.0-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-dwz.x86_64                                          0.12-1.1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst.x86_64                                      10.1.0-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst-devel.x86_64                                10.1.0-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst-doc.x86_64                                  10.1.0-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst-static.x86_64                               10.1.0-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-dyninst-testsuite.x86_64                            10.1.0-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils.x86_64                                     0.176-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-devel.x86_64                               0.176-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf.x86_64                              0.176-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                        0.176-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-elfutils-libs.x86_64                                0.176-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc.x86_64                                          9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-c++.x86_64                                      9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                               9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                 9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64                             9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gdb.x86_64                                          8.3-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gdb-doc.noarch                                      8.3-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                8.3-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libasan-devel.x86_64                                9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libatomic-devel.x86_64                              9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libitm-devel.x86_64                                 9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-liblsan-devel.x86_64                                9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libquadmath-devel.x86_64                            9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                              9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                               9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libtsan-devel.x86_64                                9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-libubsan-devel.x86_64                               9.2.1-2.3.an8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-ltrace.x86_64                                       0.7.91-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-make.x86_64                                         1:4.2.1-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-make-devel.x86_64                                   1:4.2.1-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-perftools.x86_64                                    9.0-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-runtime.x86_64                                      9.0-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-strace.x86_64                                       5.1-6.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap.x86_64                                    4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-client.x86_64                             4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-devel.x86_64                              4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-initscript.x86_64                         4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-runtime.x86_64                            4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                          4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-systemtap-server.x86_64                             4.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-toolchain.x86_64                                    9.0-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind.x86_64                                     1:3.15.0-9.el8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-toolset-9-valgrind-devel.x86_64                               1:3.15.0-9.el8                                                    AppStream 
gcc-x86_64-linux-gnu.x86_64                                       12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcc-xtensa-linux-gnu.x86_64                                       12.1.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
gcr.x86_64                                                        3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gcr-base.x86_64                                                   3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gcr-devel.x86_64                                                  3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gcr-doc.noarch                                                    3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gd-devel.x86_64                                                   2.2.5-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
gdal.x86_64                                                       3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-devel.x86_64                                                 3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-doc.noarch                                                   3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-java.x86_64                                                  3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-javadoc.noarch                                               3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-libs.x86_64                                                  3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-perl.x86_64                                                  3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdal-python-tools.x86_64                                          3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
gdb-doc.noarch                                                    9.2-7.0.4.an8                                                     AppStream 
gdb-exploitable.noarch                                            1.32-11.20210920gitab64075.el8                                    epel      
gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                              9.2-7.0.4.an8                                                     AppStream 
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                                 1:1.18-2.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                                          2.42.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gdk-pixbuf2-doc.noarch                                            2.42.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                                           2.40.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib-devel.x86_64                                     2.40.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
gdl.x86_64                                                        0.9.9-20.20190915git2870075.el8                                   epel      
gdl-common.noarch                                                 0.9.9-20.20190915git2870075.el8                                   epel      
gdm.x86_64                                                        1:40.0-27.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gdm-devel.x86_64                                                  1:40.0-27.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gdm-pam-extensions-devel.x86_64                                   1:40.0-27.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
geany.x86_64                                                      1.38-1.el8                                                        epel      
geany-devel.x86_64                                                1.38-1.el8                                                        epel      
geany-libgeany.x86_64                                             1.38-1.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-addons.x86_64                                       1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-autoclose.x86_64                                    1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-automark.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-codenav.x86_64                                      1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-commander.x86_64                                    1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-common.x86_64                                       1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-debugger.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-defineformat.x86_64                                 1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanyctags.x86_64                                   1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanydoc.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanyextrasel.x86_64                                1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanygendoc.x86_64                                  1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanyinsertnum.x86_64                               1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanymacro.x86_64                                   1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanyminiscript.x86_64                              1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanynumberedbookmarks.x86_64                       1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanypg.x86_64                                      1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanyprj.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geanyvc.x86_64                                      1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-geniuspaste.x86_64                                  1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-git-changebar.x86_64                                1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-keyrecord.x86_64                                    1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-latex.x86_64                                        1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-lineoperations.x86_64                               1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-lipsum.x86_64                                       1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-markdown.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-overview.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-pairtaghighlighter.x86_64                           1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-pohelper.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-pretty-printer.x86_64                               1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-projectorganizer.x86_64                             1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-scope.x86_64                                        1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-sendmail.x86_64                                     1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-shiftcolumn.x86_64                                  1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-spellcheck.x86_64                                   1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-tableconvert.x86_64                                 1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-treebrowser.x86_64                                  1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-updatechecker.x86_64                                1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-vimode.x86_64                                       1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-workbench.x86_64                                    1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-plugins-xmlsnippets.x86_64                                  1.36-4.el8                                                        epel      
geany-themes.noarch                                               1.27-8.el8                                                        epel      
gearmand.x86_64                                                   1.1.19.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
gedit.x86_64                                                      2:40.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gedit-color-schemes.noarch                                        0-4.20191019git4f62aae.el8                                        epel      
gedit-color-schemes-gtksourceview-2.noarch                        0-4.20191019git4f62aae.el8                                        epel      
gedit-control-your-tabs.x86_64                                    0.3.2-8.20190807git3064a92.el8                                    epel      
gedit-doc.noarch                                                  2:40.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gedit-plugin-bookmarks.x86_64                                     40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion.x86_64                             40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-codecomment.x86_64                                   40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-colorpicker.x86_64                                   40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-colorschemer.x86_64                                  40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-commander.x86_64                                     40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-drawspaces.x86_64                                    40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-editorconfig.x86_64                                  0.5.3-9.el8                                                       epel      
gedit-plugin-findinfiles.x86_64                                   40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-joinlines.x86_64                                     40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-multiedit.x86_64                                     40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-sessionsaver.x86_64                                  40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-smartspaces.x86_64                                   40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-synctex.x86_64                                       40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-terminal.x86_64                                      40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-textsize.x86_64                                      40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-translate.x86_64                                     40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugin-wordcompletion.x86_64                                40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugins.x86_64                                              40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugins-data.x86_64                                         40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gedit-plugins-doc.noarch                                          40.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gegl.x86_64                                                       0.2.0-39.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gegl-doc.noarch                                                   0.2.0-39.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gegl04.x86_64                                                     0.4.4-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gegl04-devel.x86_64                                               0.4.4-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
genders.x86_64                                                    1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
genders-compat.noarch                                             1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
genders-java.x86_64                                               1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
genders-java-devel.x86_64                                         1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
genders-javadoc.x86_64                                            1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
genders-perl.x86_64                                               1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
gengetopt.x86_64                                                  2.23-3.el8                                                        epel      
genisoimage.x86_64                                                1.1.11-39.el8                                                     AppStream 
genwqe-tools.x86_64                                               4.0.20-5.el8                                                      BaseOS    
genwqe-vpd.x86_64                                                 4.0.20-5.el8                                                      BaseOS    
genwqe-zlib.x86_64                                                4.0.20-5.el8                                                      BaseOS    
genwqe-zlib-devel.x86_64                                          4.0.20-5.el8                                                      BaseOS    
geoclue2.x86_64                                                   2.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
geoclue2-demos.x86_64                                             2.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
geoclue2-devel.x86_64                                             2.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                              2.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
geocode-glib.x86_64                                               3.26.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                                         3.26.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
geoipupdate.x86_64                                                2.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
geoipupdate-doc.noarch                                            2.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
geolite2-city.noarch                                              20180605-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
geolite2-country.noarch                                           20180605-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
geos.x86_64                                                       3.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
geos-devel.x86_64                                                 3.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
gerbera.x86_64                                                    1.3.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
gerbera-data.noarch                                               1.3.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
geronimo-annotation.noarch                                        1.0-23.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
getdns.x86_64                                                     1.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
getdns-devel.x86_64                                               1.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
getdns-utils.x86_64                                               1.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
gfal2.x86_64                                                      2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-all.x86_64                                                  2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-devel.x86_64                                                2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-doc.noarch                                                  2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-dcap.x86_64                                          2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-file.x86_64                                          2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-gridftp.x86_64                                       2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-http.x86_64                                          2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-mock.x86_64                                          2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-sftp.x86_64                                          2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-srm.x86_64                                           2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-plugin-xrootd.x86_64                                        2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-tests.x86_64                                                2.21.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
gfal2-util-scripts.noarch                                         1.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
gfbgraph.x86_64                                                   0.2.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gfbgraph-doc.noarch                                               0.2.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gflags.x86_64                                                     2.2.2-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gflags-devel.x86_64                                               2.2.2-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gfm.x86_64                                                        1.19-2.20220201git752aef4.el8                                     epel      
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                                 3.2.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
gfs2-utils-doc.noarch                                             3.2.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ghc.x86_64                                                        8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-Agda.x86_64                                                   2.5.3-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-Agda-devel.x86_64                                             2.5.3-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-Cabal.x86_64                                                  2.0.1.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-Cabal-devel.x86_64                                            2.0.1.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-EdisonAPI.x86_64                                              1.3.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-EdisonAPI-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-EdisonCore.x86_64                                             1.3.2.1-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-EdisonCore-devel.x86_64                                       1.3.2.1-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-HTTP.x86_64                                                   4000.3.12-1.el8                                                   epel      
ghc-HTTP-devel.x86_64                                             4000.3.12-1.el8                                                   epel      
ghc-HUnit.x86_64                                                  1.6.0.0-2.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-HUnit-devel.x86_64                                            1.6.0.0-2.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-QuickCheck.x86_64                                             2.10.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-QuickCheck-devel.x86_64                                       2.10.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-STMonadTrans.x86_64                                           0.4.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-STMonadTrans-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-ShellCheck.x86_64                                             0.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-ShellCheck-devel.x86_64                                       0.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-X11.x86_64                                                    1.8-8.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-X11-devel.x86_64                                              1.8-8.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-X11-xft.x86_64                                                0.3.1-24.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-X11-xft-devel.x86_64                                          0.3.1-24.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-aeson.x86_64                                                  1.2.4.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-aeson-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.4.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-ansi-terminal.x86_64                                          0.8.0.4-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-ansi-terminal-devel.x86_64                                    0.8.0.4-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-array.x86_64                                                  0.5.2.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-array-devel.x86_64                                            0.5.2.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-async.x86_64                                                  2.1.1.1-4.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-async-devel.x86_64                                            2.1.1.1-4.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-attoparsec.x86_64                                             0.13.2.2-1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-attoparsec-devel.x86_64                                       0.13.2.2-1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-base.x86_64                                                   4.10.1.0-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-base-compat.x86_64                                            0.9.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-base-compat-devel.x86_64                                      0.9.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-base-devel.x86_64                                             4.10.1.0-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-base-orphans.x86_64                                           0.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-base-orphans-devel.x86_64                                     0.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-base16-bytestring.x86_64                                      0.1.1.6-10.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-base16-bytestring-devel.x86_64                                0.1.1.6-10.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-base64-bytestring.x86_64                                      1.0.0.1-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-base64-bytestring-devel.x86_64                                1.0.0.1-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-binary.x86_64                                                 0.8.5.1-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-binary-devel.x86_64                                           0.8.5.1-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-blaze-builder.x86_64                                          0.4.1.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-blaze-builder-devel.x86_64                                    0.4.1.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-blaze-html.x86_64                                             0.9.1.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-blaze-html-devel.x86_64                                       0.9.1.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-blaze-markup.x86_64                                           0.8.2.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-blaze-markup-devel.x86_64                                     0.8.2.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-boxes.x86_64                                                  0.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-boxes-devel.x86_64                                            0.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-bytestring.x86_64                                             0.10.8.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-bytestring-devel.x86_64                                       0.10.8.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-call-stack.x86_64                                             0.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-call-stack-devel.x86_64                                       0.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-clock.x86_64                                                  0.7.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-clock-devel.x86_64                                            0.7.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-cmdargs.x86_64                                                0.10.20-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-cmdargs-devel.x86_64                                          0.10.20-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-code-page.x86_64                                              0.1.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-code-page-devel.x86_64                                        0.1.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-colour.x86_64                                                 2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-colour-devel.x86_64                                           2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-compiler.x86_64                                               8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-conduit.x86_64                                                1.3.0.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-conduit-devel.x86_64                                          1.3.0.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-containers.x86_64                                             0.5.10.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-containers-devel.x86_64                                       0.5.10.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-cpphs.x86_64                                                  1.20.8-4.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-cpphs-devel.x86_64                                            1.20.8-4.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-cryptohash-sha256.x86_64                                      0.11.101.0-2.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-cryptohash-sha256-devel.x86_64                                0.11.101.0-2.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-data-default.x86_64                                           0.7.1.1-8.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-data-default-class.x86_64                                     0.1.2.0-5.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-data-default-class-devel.x86_64                               0.1.2.0-5.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-data-default-devel.x86_64                                     0.7.1.1-8.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-data-default-instances-containers.x86_64                      0.0.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-data-default-instances-containers-devel.x86_64                0.0.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-data-default-instances-dlist.x86_64                           0.0.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-data-default-instances-dlist-devel.x86_64                     0.0.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale.x86_64                      0.0.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-data-default-instances-old-locale-devel.x86_64                0.0.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-data-hash.x86_64                                              0.2.0.1-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-data-hash-devel.x86_64                                        0.2.0.1-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-deepseq.x86_64                                                1.4.3.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-deepseq-devel.x86_64                                          1.4.3.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-directory.x86_64                                              1.3.0.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-directory-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.0.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-dlist.x86_64                                                  0.8.0.4-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-dlist-devel.x86_64                                            0.8.0.4-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-doc-cron.noarch                                               8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-doctest.x86_64                                                0.13.0-4.1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-doctest-devel.x86_64                                          0.13.0-4.1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-echo.x86_64                                                   0.1.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-echo-devel.x86_64                                             0.1.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-ed25519.x86_64                                                0.0.5.0-9.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-ed25519-devel.x86_64                                          0.0.5.0-9.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-edit-distance.x86_64                                          0.2.2.1-8.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-edit-distance-devel.x86_64                                    0.2.2.1-8.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-equivalence.x86_64                                            0.3.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-equivalence-devel.x86_64                                      0.3.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-exceptions.x86_64                                             0.8.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-exceptions-devel.x86_64                                       0.8.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-explicit-exception.x86_64                                     0.1.9.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-explicit-exception-devel.x86_64                               0.1.9.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-extensible-exceptions.x86_64                                  0.1.1.4-24.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-extensible-exceptions-devel.x86_64                            0.1.1.4-24.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-extra.x86_64                                                  1.6.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-extra-devel.x86_64                                            1.6.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-fgl.x86_64                                                    5.6.0.0-2.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-fgl-devel.x86_64                                              5.6.0.0-2.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-filepath.x86_64                                               1.4.1.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-filepath-devel.x86_64                                         1.4.1.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-geniplate-mirror.x86_64                                       0.7.6-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-geniplate-mirror-devel.x86_64                                 0.7.6-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-ghc.x86_64                                                    8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-boot.x86_64                                               8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-boot-devel.x86_64                                         8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-boot-th.x86_64                                            8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-boot-th-devel.x86_64                                      8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-compact.x86_64                                            0.1.0.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-ghc-compact-devel.x86_64                                      0.1.0.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-ghc-devel.x86_64                                              8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-paths.x86_64                                              0.1.0.9-13.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghc-paths-devel.x86_64                                        0.1.0.9-13.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghci.x86_64                                                   8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-ghci-devel.x86_64                                             8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-gitrev.x86_64                                                 1.3.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-gitrev-devel.x86_64                                           1.3.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools.x86_64                                      0.13.4.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-gtk2hs-buildtools-devel.x86_64                                0.13.4.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-hackage-security.x86_64                                       0.5.3.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-hackage-security-devel.x86_64                                 0.5.3.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-hackage-security-devel-doc.noarch                             0.5.3.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-hashable.x86_64                                               1.2.7.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-hashable-devel.x86_64                                         1.2.7.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-hashtables.x86_64                                             1.2.3.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-hashtables-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.3.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-haskeline.x86_64                                              0.7.4.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-haskeline-devel.x86_64                                        0.7.4.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-haskell-src-exts.x86_64                                       1.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-haskell-src-exts-devel.x86_64                                 1.20.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-haskell-src-exts-util.x86_64                                  0.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-haskell-src-exts-util-devel.x86_64                            0.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hlint.x86_64                                                  2.1.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hlint-devel.x86_64                                            2.1.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hoopl.x86_64                                                  3.10.2.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-hoopl-devel.x86_64                                            3.10.2.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-hpc.x86_64                                                    0.6.0.3-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-hpc-devel.x86_64                                              0.6.0.3-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-hscolour.x86_64                                               1.24.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-hscolour-devel.x86_64                                         1.24.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-hspec.x86_64                                                  2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-core.x86_64                                             2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-core-devel.x86_64                                       2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-core-devel-doc.noarch                                   2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-devel.x86_64                                            2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-discover.x86_64                                         2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-discover-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-expectations.x86_64                                     0.8.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-hspec-expectations-devel.x86_64                               0.8.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-ieee754.x86_64                                                0.8.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-ieee754-devel.x86_64                                          0.8.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-integer-logarithms.x86_64                                     1.0.2.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-integer-logarithms-devel.x86_64                               1.0.2.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-libraries.x86_64                                              8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-manual.noarch                                                 8.2.2-68.4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-monadplus.x86_64                                              1.4.2-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-monadplus-devel.x86_64                                        1.4.2-14.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-mono-traversable.x86_64                                       1.0.8.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-mono-traversable-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.8.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-mono-traversable-devel-doc.noarch                             1.0.8.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-mtl.x86_64                                                    2.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-mtl-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-murmur-hash.x86_64                                            0.1.0.9-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-murmur-hash-devel.x86_64                                      0.1.0.9-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-network.x86_64                                                2.6.3.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-network-devel.x86_64                                          2.6.3.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-network-uri.x86_64                                            2.6.1.0-10.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-network-uri-devel.x86_64                                      2.6.1.0-10.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-old-locale.x86_64                                             1.0.0.7-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-old-locale-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.0.7-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-old-time.x86_64                                               1.1.0.3-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-old-time-devel.x86_64                                         1.1.0.3-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-parallel.x86_64                                               3.2.2.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-parallel-devel.x86_64                                         3.2.2.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-parsec.x86_64                                                 3.1.13.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-parsec-devel.x86_64                                           3.1.13.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-polyparse.x86_64                                              1.12-9.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-polyparse-devel.x86_64                                        1.12-9.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-pretty.x86_64                                                 1.1.3.3-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-pretty-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.3.3-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-primitive.x86_64                                              0.6.4.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-primitive-devel.x86_64                                        0.6.4.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-process.x86_64                                                1.6.1.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-process-devel.x86_64                                          1.6.1.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-quickcheck-io.x86_64                                          0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-quickcheck-io-devel.x86_64                                    0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-random.x86_64                                                 1.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-random-devel.x86_64                                           1.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-refact.x86_64                                                 0.3.0.2-9.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-refact-devel.x86_64                                           0.3.0.2-9.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-base.x86_64                                             0.93.2-41.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-base-devel.x86_64                                       0.93.2-41.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-compat.x86_64                                           0.95.1-46.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-compat-devel.x86_64                                     0.95.1-46.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-posix.x86_64                                            0.95.2-41.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-posix-devel.x86_64                                      0.95.2-41.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-tdfa.x86_64                                             1.2.3.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-regex-tdfa-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.3.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-resourcet.x86_64                                              1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-resourcet-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-rpm-macros.noarch                                             1.9.0-1.1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-rpm-macros-extra.noarch                                       1.9.0-1.1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-scientific.x86_64                                             0.3.6.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-scientific-devel.x86_64                                       0.3.6.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-semigroups.x86_64                                             0.18.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-semigroups-devel.x86_64                                       0.18.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-setenv.x86_64                                                 0.1.1.3-9.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-setenv-devel.x86_64                                           0.1.1.3-9.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-setlocale.x86_64                                              1.0.0.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-setlocale-devel.x86_64                                        1.0.0.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-simple-cmd.x86_64                                             0.1.3.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-simple-cmd-devel.x86_64                                       0.1.3.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-split.x86_64                                                  0.2.3.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-split-devel.x86_64                                            0.2.3.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-stm.x86_64                                                    2.4.5.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-stm-devel.x86_64                                              2.4.5.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-strict.x86_64                                                 0.3.2-20.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-strict-devel.x86_64                                           0.3.2-20.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-syb.x86_64                                                    0.7-3.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-syb-devel.x86_64                                              0.7-3.el8                                                         epel      
ghc-tagged.x86_64                                                 0.8.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-tagged-devel.x86_64                                           0.8.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-tar.x86_64                                                    0.5.1.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-tar-devel.x86_64                                              0.5.1.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-template-haskell.x86_64                                       2.12.0.0-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-template-haskell-devel.x86_64                                 2.12.0.0-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-terminfo.x86_64                                               0.4.1.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-terminfo-devel.x86_64                                         0.4.1.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-text.x86_64                                                   1.2.3.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-text-devel.x86_64                                             1.2.3.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-tf-random.x86_64                                              0.5-12.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-tf-random-devel.x86_64                                        0.5-12.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-th-abstraction.x86_64                                         0.2.8.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-th-abstraction-devel.x86_64                                   0.2.8.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-time.x86_64                                                   1.8.0.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-time-devel.x86_64                                             1.8.0.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-time-locale-compat.x86_64                                     0.1.1.4-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-time-locale-compat-devel.x86_64                               0.1.1.4-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-transformers.x86_64                                           0.5.2.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-transformers-compat.x86_64                                    0.5.1.4-5.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-transformers-compat-devel.x86_64                              0.5.1.4-5.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-transformers-devel.x86_64                                     0.5.2.0-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-uniplate.x86_64                                               1.6.12-11.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-uniplate-devel.x86_64                                         1.6.12-11.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-unix.x86_64                                                   2.7.2.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-unix-devel.x86_64                                             2.7.2.2-68.4.el8                                                  epel      
ghc-unliftio-core.x86_64                                          0.1.1.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-unliftio-core-devel.x86_64                                    0.1.1.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-unordered-containers.x86_64                                   0.2.9.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-unordered-containers-devel.x86_64                             0.2.9.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-uri-encode.x86_64                                             1.5.0.5-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-uri-encode-devel.x86_64                                       1.5.0.5-14.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-utf8-string.x86_64                                            1.0.1.1-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-utf8-string-devel.x86_64                                      1.0.1.1-7.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-uuid-types.x86_64                                             1.0.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-uuid-types-devel.x86_64                                       1.0.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-vector.x86_64                                                 0.12.0.1-4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-vector-algorithms.x86_64                                      0.7.0.1-5.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-vector-algorithms-devel.x86_64                                0.7.0.1-5.el8                                                     epel      
ghc-vector-devel.x86_64                                           0.12.0.1-4.el8                                                    epel      
ghc-xhtml.x86_64                                                  3000.2.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-xhtml-devel.x86_64                                            3000.2.2-68.4.el8                                                 epel      
ghc-xmonad.x86_64                                                 0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-xmonad-contrib.x86_64                                         0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-xmonad-contrib-devel.x86_64                                   0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-xmonad-devel.x86_64                                           0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
ghc-yaml.x86_64                                                   0.8.32-3.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-yaml-devel.x86_64                                             0.8.32-3.el8                                                      epel      
ghc-zlib.x86_64                                                   0.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghc-zlib-devel.x86_64                                             0.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ghostscript.x86_64                                                9.54.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
ghostscript-doc.noarch                                            9.54.0-10.an8                                                     PowerTools
ghostscript-tools-dvipdf.x86_64                                   9.54.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                                    9.54.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                                 9.54.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                                            9.54.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
giflib.x86_64                                                     5.2.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
giflib-devel.x86_64                                               5.2.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
gifsicle.x86_64                                                   1.93-1.el8                                                        epel      
gifview.x86_64                                                    1.93-1.el8                                                        epel      
gimp.x86_64                                                       2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                         AppStream 
gimp-devel.x86_64                                                 2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                         AppStream 
gimp-devel-tools.x86_64                                           2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                         AppStream 
gimp-fourier-plugin.x86_64                                        0.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
gimp-libs.x86_64                                                  2:2.8.22-15.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                         AppStream 
girara.x86_64                                                     0.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
girara-devel.x86_64                                               0.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
git-all.noarch                                                    2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-clang-format.x86_64                                           15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
git-cola.noarch                                                   3.10.1-6.el8                                                      epel      
git-credential-libsecret.x86_64                                   2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-crypt.x86_64                                                  0.6.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
git-daemon.x86_64                                                 2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-email.noarch                                                  2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-extras.noarch                                                 6.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
git-gui.noarch                                                    2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-instaweb.noarch                                               2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-lfs.x86_64                                                    3.2.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
git-lfs-doc.noarch                                                3.2.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
git-merge-changelog.x86_64                                        0-47.20230709git.el8                                              epel      
git-octopus.x86_64                                                2.0-0.4.beta.3.el8.8                                              epel      
git-publish.noarch                                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
git-review.noarch                                                 2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
git-revise.noarch                                                 0.7.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
git-secret.noarch                                                 0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
git-subtree.x86_64                                                2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-svn.noarch                                                    2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
git-tools.noarch                                                  2022.12-1.el8                                                     epel      
git2cl.noarch                                                     2.0-0.16.git8373c9f.el8                                           epel      
gitg.x86_64                                                       3.30.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
gitg-devel.x86_64                                                 3.30.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
gitg-libs.x86_64                                                  3.30.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
gitk.noarch                                                       2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gitolite3.noarch                                                  1:3.6.13-1.el8                                                    epel      
gitqlient.x86_64                                                  1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
gitweb.noarch                                                     2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gjs.x86_64                                                        1.68.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gjs-devel.x86_64                                                  1.68.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gjs-doc.noarch                                                    1.68.6-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gkrellm.x86_64                                                    2.3.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
gkrellm-daemon.x86_64                                             2.3.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
gkrellm-devel.x86_64                                              2.3.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
gkrellm-top.x86_64                                                2.2.13-19.el8                                                     epel      
gl-manpages.noarch                                                1.1-15.20161227.el8                                               AppStream 
gl2ps.x86_64                                                      1.4.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
gl2ps-devel.x86_64                                                1.4.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
glabels.x86_64                                                    3.4.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
glabels-devel.x86_64                                              3.4.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
glabels-doc.x86_64                                                3.4.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
glabels-libs.x86_64                                               3.4.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
glabels-templates.x86_64                                          3.4.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
glade.x86_64                                                      3.22.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
glade-devel.x86_64                                                3.22.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glade-doc.noarch                                                  3.22.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
glade-libs.x86_64                                                 3.22.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glances.noarch                                                    3.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
glassfish-annotation-api.noarch                                   1.3.2-3.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
glassfish-el.noarch                                               3.0.1-0.14.b08.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                      AppStream 
glassfish-el-api.noarch                                           3.0.1-0.14.b08.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                      AppStream 
glassfish-jsp.noarch                                              2.3.4-6.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
glassfish-jsp-api.noarch                                          2.3.3-3.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
glassfish-servlet-api.noarch                                      3.1.0-19.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
glew-devel.x86_64                                                 2.0.0-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
glfw.x86_64                                                       1:3.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
glfw-devel.x86_64                                                 1:3.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
glib-networking.x86_64                                            2.56.1-1.1.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
glib-networking-doc.noarch                                        2.56.1-1.1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
glib2-devel.x86_64                                                2.68.4-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
glib2-doc.noarch                                                  2.68.4-6.an8                                                      PowerTools
glib2-static.x86_64                                               2.68.4-6.an8                                                      PowerTools
glib2-tests.x86_64                                                2.68.4-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                                        2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-benchtests.x86_64                                           2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                AppStream 
glibc-doc.noarch                                                  2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                PowerTools
glibc-langpack-aa.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-af.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-agr.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ak.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-am.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-an.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-anp.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ar.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-as.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ast.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ayc.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-az.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-be.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bem.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ber.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bg.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bhb.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bho.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bi.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bn.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bo.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-br.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-brx.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bs.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-byn.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ca.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ce.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-chr.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cmn.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-crh.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cs.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-csb.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cv.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cy.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-da.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-de.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-doi.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dsb.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dv.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dz.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-el.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-eo.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-es.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-et.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-eu.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fa.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ff.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fi.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fil.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fo.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fr.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fur.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fy.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ga.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gd.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gez.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gu.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gv.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ha.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hak.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-he.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hi.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hif.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hne.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hr.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hsb.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ht.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hu.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hy.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ia.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-id.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ig.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ik.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-is.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-it.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-iu.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ja.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ka.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kab.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kk.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-km.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kn.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ko.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kok.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ks.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ku.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kw.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ky.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lb.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lg.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-li.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lij.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ln.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lo.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lt.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lv.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lzh.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mag.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mai.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mfe.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mg.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mhr.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mi.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-miq.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mjw.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mk.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ml.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mn.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mni.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mr.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ms.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mt.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-my.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nan.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nb.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nds.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ne.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nhn.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-niu.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nn.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nr.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nso.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-oc.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-om.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-or.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-os.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pa.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pap.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ps.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pt.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-quz.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-raj.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ro.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ru.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-rw.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sa.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sah.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sat.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sc.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sd.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-se.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sgs.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-shn.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-shs.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-si.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sid.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sk.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sm.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-so.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sq.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sr.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ss.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-st.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sv.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sw.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-szl.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ta.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tcy.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-te.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tg.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-th.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-the.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ti.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tig.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tk.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tl.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tn.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-to.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tpi.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tr.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ts.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tt.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ug.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-uk.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-unm.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ur.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-uz.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ve.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-vi.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wa.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wae.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wal.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wo.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-xh.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yi.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yo.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yue.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yuw.x86_64                                         2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-zh.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-zu.x86_64                                          2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-locale-source.x86_64                                        2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
glibc-nss-devel.x86_64                                            2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                AppStream 
glibc-static.x86_64                                               2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                AppStream 
glibc-utils.x86_64                                                2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                AppStream 
glibmm24.x86_64                                                   2.56.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
glibmm24-devel.x86_64                                             2.56.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
glibmm24-doc.noarch                                               2.56.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
glm-devel.noarch                                                  0.9.8.5-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
glm-doc.noarch                                                    0.9.8.5-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
globus-authz.x86_64                                               4.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-authz-callout-error.x86_64                                 4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-authz-callout-error-devel.x86_64                           4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-authz-callout-error-doc.noarch                             4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-authz-devel.x86_64                                         4.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-authz-doc.noarch                                           4.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-callout.x86_64                                             4.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-callout-devel.x86_64                                       4.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-callout-doc.noarch                                         4.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-common.x86_64                                              18.13-2.el8                                                       epel      
globus-common-devel.x86_64                                        18.13-2.el8                                                       epel      
globus-common-doc.noarch                                          18.13-2.el8                                                       epel      
globus-common-progs.x86_64                                        18.13-2.el8                                                       epel      
globus-ftp-client.x86_64                                          9.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-ftp-client-devel.x86_64                                    9.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-ftp-client-doc.noarch                                      9.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-ftp-control.x86_64                                         9.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-ftp-control-devel.x86_64                                   9.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-ftp-control-doc.noarch                                     9.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gass-cache.x86_64                                          10.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gass-cache-devel.x86_64                                    10.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gass-cache-doc.noarch                                      10.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gass-cache-program.x86_64                                  7.0-7.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gass-copy.x86_64                                           10.12-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gass-copy-devel.x86_64                                     10.12-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gass-copy-doc.noarch                                       10.12-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gass-copy-progs.x86_64                                     10.12-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gass-server-ez.x86_64                                      6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gass-server-ez-devel.x86_64                                6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gass-server-ez-progs.x86_64                                6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gass-transfer.x86_64                                       9.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gass-transfer-devel.x86_64                                 9.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gass-transfer-doc.noarch                                   9.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gatekeeper.x86_64                                          11.4-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gfork.x86_64                                               5.0-7.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gfork-devel.x86_64                                         5.0-7.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gfork-progs.x86_64                                         5.0-7.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-audit.noarch                                          5.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-client.x86_64                                         14.6-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-client-devel.x86_64                                   14.6-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-client-doc.noarch                                     14.6-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-client-tools.x86_64                                   12.2-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-job-manager.x86_64                                    15.8-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-callout-error.x86_64                      4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-callout-error-devel.x86_64                4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-callout-error-doc.noarch                  4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-condor.noarch                             3.0-9.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-fork.x86_64                               3.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-fork-setup-poll.noarch                    3.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-fork-setup-seg.x86_64                     3.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-lsf.x86_64                                3.0-10.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-lsf-setup-poll.noarch                     3.0-10.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-lsf-setup-seg.x86_64                      3.0-10.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-pbs.x86_64                                3.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-pbs-setup-poll.noarch                     3.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-pbs-setup-seg.x86_64                      3.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-scripts.noarch                            7.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-scripts-doc.noarch                        7.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-sge.x86_64                                3.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-sge-setup-poll.noarch                     3.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-sge-setup-seg.x86_64                      3.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-job-manager-slurm.noarch                              3.0-9.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gram-protocol.x86_64                                       13.6-2.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-protocol-devel.x86_64                                 13.6-2.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gram-protocol-doc.noarch                                   13.6-2.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gridftp-server.x86_64                                      13.24-5.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gridftp-server-control.x86_64                              9.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gridftp-server-control-devel.x86_64                        9.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gridftp-server-devel.x86_64                                13.24-5.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gridftp-server-progs.x86_64                                13.24-5.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gridmap-callout-error.x86_64                               3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gridmap-callout-error-devel.x86_64                         3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gridmap-callout-error-doc.noarch                           3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gridmap-eppn-callout.x86_64                                2.2-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gridmap-verify-myproxy-callout.x86_64                      3.2-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-callback.x86_64                                        6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-callback-devel.x86_64                                  6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-callback-doc.noarch                                    6.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-cert-utils.x86_64                                      10.10-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gsi-cert-utils-devel.x86_64                                10.10-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gsi-cert-utils-doc.noarch                                  10.10-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gsi-cert-utils-progs.noarch                                10.10-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gsi-credential.x86_64                                      8.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-credential-devel.x86_64                                8.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-credential-doc.noarch                                  8.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-openssl-error.x86_64                                   4.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-openssl-error-devel.x86_64                             4.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-openssl-error-doc.noarch                               4.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-proxy-core.x86_64                                      9.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-proxy-core-devel.x86_64                                9.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-proxy-core-doc.noarch                                  9.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-proxy-ssl.x86_64                                       6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-proxy-ssl-devel.x86_64                                 6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-proxy-ssl-doc.noarch                                   6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-sysconfig.x86_64                                       9.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-sysconfig-devel.x86_64                                 9.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gsi-sysconfig-doc.noarch                                   9.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gss-assist.x86_64                                          12.7-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gss-assist-devel.x86_64                                    12.7-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gss-assist-doc.noarch                                      12.7-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gss-assist-progs.noarch                                    12.7-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-gssapi-error.x86_64                                        6.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gssapi-error-devel.x86_64                                  6.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gssapi-error-doc.noarch                                    6.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-gssapi-gsi.x86_64                                          14.20-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gssapi-gsi-devel.x86_64                                    14.20-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-gssapi-gsi-doc.noarch                                      14.20-1.el8                                                       epel      
globus-io.x86_64                                                  12.4-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-io-devel.x86_64                                            12.4-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-net-manager.x86_64                                         1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-net-manager-devel.x86_64                                   1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-net-manager-doc.noarch                                     1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-openssl-module.x86_64                                      5.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-openssl-module-devel.x86_64                                5.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-openssl-module-doc.noarch                                  5.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-proxy-utils.x86_64                                         7.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-rsl.x86_64                                                 11.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-rsl-devel.x86_64                                           11.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-rsl-doc.noarch                                             11.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-scheduler-event-generator.x86_64                           6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-scheduler-event-generator-devel.x86_64                     6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-scheduler-event-generator-doc.noarch                       6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-scheduler-event-generator-progs.x86_64                     6.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-seg-job-manager.x86_64                                     15.8-1.el8                                                        epel      
globus-simple-ca.noarch                                           5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio.x86_64                                                 6.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-devel.x86_64                                           6.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-doc.noarch                                             6.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gridftp-driver.x86_64                                  3.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gridftp-driver-devel.x86_64                            3.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gridftp-driver-doc.noarch                              3.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gridftp-multicast.x86_64                               2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gridftp-multicast-devel.x86_64                         2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gsi-driver.x86_64                                      5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gsi-driver-devel.x86_64                                5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-gsi-driver-doc.noarch                                  5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-net-manager-driver.x86_64                              1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-net-manager-driver-devel.x86_64                        1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-pipe-driver.x86_64                                     4.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-pipe-driver-devel.x86_64                               4.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-popen-driver.x86_64                                    4.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-popen-driver-devel.x86_64                              4.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-rate-driver.x86_64                                     2.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-rate-driver-devel.x86_64                               2.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-udt-driver.x86_64                                      2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xio-udt-driver-devel.x86_64                                2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
globus-xioperf.x86_64                                             5.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
glog.x86_64                                                       0.3.5-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
glog-devel.x86_64                                                 0.3.5-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
glogg.x86_64                                                      1.1.4-18.el8                                                      epel      
gloox.x86_64                                                      1:1.0.23-1.el8                                                    epel      
gloox-devel.x86_64                                                1:1.0.23-1.el8                                                    epel      
glpk.x86_64                                                       4.65-4.el8                                                        epel      
glpk-devel.x86_64                                                 4.65-4.el8                                                        epel      
glpk-doc.x86_64                                                   4.65-4.el8                                                        epel      
glpk-utils.x86_64                                                 4.65-4.el8                                                        epel      
glslang.x86_64                                                    11.9.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glslang-devel.x86_64                                              11.9.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glslc.x86_64                                                      2023.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glue-schema.noarch                                                2.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
glusterfs.x86_64                                                  6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
glusterfs-api.x86_64                                              6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glusterfs-api-devel.x86_64                                        6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                              6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                                   6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
glusterfs-devel.x86_64                                            6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                             6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                                             6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
glusterfs-rdma.x86_64                                             6.0-61.3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
glx-utils.x86_64                                                  8.4.0-5.20181118git1830dcb.an8                                    AppStream 
gmime.x86_64                                                      2.6.23-16.el8                                                     epel      
gmime-devel.x86_64                                                2.6.23-16.el8                                                     epel      
gmime30.x86_64                                                    3.2.7-6.el8                                                       epel      
gmime30-devel.x86_64                                              3.2.7-6.el8                                                       epel      
gmock.x86_64                                                      1.8.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gmock-devel.x86_64                                                1.8.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gmp-c++.x86_64                                                    1:6.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
gmp-devel.x86_64                                                  1:6.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
gn.x86_64                                                         1894-6.20210329gitb2e3d862.el8                                    epel      
gn-doc.noarch                                                     1894-6.20210329gitb2e3d862.el8                                    epel      
gnokii.x86_64                                                     0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
gnokii-devel.x86_64                                               0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
gnokii-smsd.x86_64                                                0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
gnokii-smsd-mysql.x86_64                                          0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
gnokii-smsd-pgsql.x86_64                                          0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
gnokii-smsd-sqlite.x86_64                                         0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                                 1.2.6-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                               0.4.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                                          40.1-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-backgrounds-extras.noarch                                   40.1-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                                            1:3.34.3-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gnome-bluetooth-doc.noarch                                        1:3.34.3-1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                                       1:3.34.3-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.34.3-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                                40.3-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-boxes-doc.noarch                                            40.3-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gnome-boxes-extra.x86_64                                          40.3-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-calculator.x86_64                                           3.28.2-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-calculator-doc.noarch                                       3.28.2-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-characters.x86_64                                           40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-classic-session.noarch                                      40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                                        3.36.0-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-color-manager-doc.noarch                                    3.36.0-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-common.noarch                                               3.18.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-control-center.x86_64                                       40.0-29.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch                            40.0-29.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                             40.4-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                                       40.4-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-desktop3-doc.noarch                                         40.4-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                                         40.2-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-doc-utils.noarch                                            0.20.10-20.el8                                                    epel      
gnome-doc-utils-stylesheets.noarch                                0.20.10-20.el8                                                    epel      
gnome-epub-thumbnailer.x86_64                                     1.6-9.el8                                                         epel      
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                                          40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-font-viewer-doc.noarch                                      40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                                 3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-cs.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-de.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-es.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-fr.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-gl.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-hu.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-it.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-pl.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-pt_BR.noarch                           3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-ru.noarch                              3.28.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                                        40.4-3.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                              40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                                          40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-logs.x86_64                                                 3.36.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-logs-doc.noarch                                             3.36.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-menus.x86_64                                                3.36.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-menus-devel.x86_64                                          3.36.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-menus-doc.noarch                                            3.36.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-monitor-config.x86_64                                       0-0.1.20190520.gitbc2f76c.el8                                     epel      
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                                      3.40.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                                3.40.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-online-accounts-doc.noarch                                  3.40.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                                        3.26.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-online-miners-doc.noarch                                    3.26.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-photos.x86_64                                               40.0-4.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-photos-tests.x86_64                                         40.0-4.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                                       0.1.8-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gnome-remote-desktop-doc.noarch                                   0.1.8-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                                           40.0-4.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-session.x86_64                                              40.1.1-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                              40.1.1-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                                     40.1.1-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                                      40.0.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gnome-settings-daemon-doc.noarch                                  40.0.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gnome-shell.x86_64                                                40.10-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-activities-configurator.noarch              75-2                                                              epel      
gnome-shell-extension-appindicator.noarch                         1:29-8.el8                                                        epel      
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch                            40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-argos.noarch                                3-6.20200505git23718a8.el8                                        epel      
gnome-shell-extension-auto-move-windows.noarch                    40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-caffeine.noarch                             33-2.20200226gitc71fd6e.el8                                       epel      
gnome-shell-extension-classification-banner.noarch                40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                               40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-dock.noarch                         40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch                        40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-do-not-disturb-button.noarch                33-3.el8                                                          epel      
gnome-shell-extension-drive-menu.noarch                           40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-gesture-inhibitor.noarch                    40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-heads-up-display.noarch                     40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-historymanager-prefix-search.noarch         12-7.el8                                                          epel      
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch                  40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-native-window-placement.noarch              40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-no-topleft-hot-corner.noarch                19.0-4.el8                                                        epel      
gnome-shell-extension-panel-favorites.noarch                      40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch                          40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-screenshot-window-sizer.noarch              40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-system-monitor-applet.noarch                1:38-23.20230420git21d7b4e.el8                                    epel      
gnome-shell-extension-systemMonitor.noarch                        40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-top-icons.noarch                            40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-topicons-plus.noarch                        25-2.el8                                                          epel      
gnome-shell-extension-updates-dialog.noarch                       40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch                           40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch                          40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-windowoverlay-icons.noarch                  39-1.el8                                                          epel      
gnome-shell-extension-windowsNavigator.noarch                     40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-workspace-indicator.noarch                  40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gnome-shell-extensions-doc.noarch                                 40.7-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gnome-software.x86_64                                             3.36.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gnome-software-devel.x86_64                                       3.36.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gnome-software-doc.noarch                                         3.36.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                                       3.28.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-system-monitor-doc.noarch                                   3.28.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                             3.28.3-3.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-terminal-doc.noarch                                         3.28.3-3.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                                    3.28.3-3.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                                         3.28-14.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnome-themes-standard.x86_64                                      3.22.3-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                               3.28.1-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnome-tweaks-doc.noarch                                           3.28.1-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gnome-user-docs.noarch                                            40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
gnome-video-effects.noarch                                        0.5.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnu-efi.x86_64                                                    1:3.0.11-8.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
gnu-efi-compat.x86_64                                             1:3.0.11-8.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
gnu-efi-devel.noarch                                              1:3.0.11-8.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                                      20120503-18.el8                                                   AppStream 
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                                        20120503-18.el8                                                   AppStream 
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                                        20120503-18.el8                                                   AppStream 
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                                       20120503-18.el8                                                   AppStream 
gnucash.x86_64                                                    4.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
gnucash-docs.noarch                                               4.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
gnucobol.x86_64                                                   3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
gnugo.x86_64                                                      3.8-27.el8                                                        epel      
gnulib-devel.noarch                                               0-47.20230709git.el8                                              epel      
gnulib-docs.noarch                                                0-47.20230709git.el8                                              epel      
gnulib-javaversion.x86_64                                         0-47.20230709git.el8                                              epel      
gnupg1.x86_64                                                     1.4.23-15.el8                                                     epel      
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                               2.2.20-3.an8_6                                                    BaseOS    
gnuplot.x86_64                                                    5.2.4-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnuplot-common.x86_64                                             5.2.4-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
gnuplot-doc.noarch                                                5.2.4-3.an8                                                       PowerTools
gnuradio.x86_64                                                   3.8.0.0-6.el8                                                     epel      
gnuradio-devel.x86_64                                             3.8.0.0-6.el8                                                     epel      
gnuradio-doc.x86_64                                               3.8.0.0-6.el8                                                     epel      
gnuradio-examples.x86_64                                          3.8.0.0-6.el8                                                     epel      
gnusim8085.x86_64                                                 1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gnustep-base.x86_64                                               1.28.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
gnustep-base-devel.x86_64                                         1.28.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
gnustep-base-doc.x86_64                                           1.28.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
gnustep-base-libs.x86_64                                          1.28.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
gnustep-filesystem.x86_64                                         2.9.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
gnustep-make.x86_64                                               2.9.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
gnustep-make-doc.noarch                                           2.9.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                                 3.6.16-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                                3.6.16-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnutls-devel.x86_64                                               3.6.16-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                               3.6.16-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
go-compilers-golang-compiler.x86_64                               1-20.0.2.an8                                                      AppStream 
go-toolset.x86_64                                                 1.19.10-1.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                           AppStream 
goaccess.x86_64                                                   1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
gobject-introspection-devel.x86_64                                1.68.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gobject-introspection-doc.noarch                                  1.68.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
golang.x86_64                                                     1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-bin.x86_64                                                 1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-docs.noarch                                                1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-github-cpuguy83-md2man.x86_64                              2.0.0-4.20210612gitaf8da76.el8                                    epel      
golang-github-prometheus.x86_64                                   2.32.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
golang-github-prometheus-alertmanager.x86_64                      0.23.0-7.el8                                                      epel      
golang-github-prometheus-node-exporter.x86_64                     1.3.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
golang-gopkg-readline-1-devel.noarch                              1.4-12.20180628git2972be2.el8.1                                   epel      
golang-misc.noarch                                                1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-race.x86_64                                                1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-src.noarch                                                 1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-tests.noarch                                               1.19.10-1.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11088+43a98d8f                       AppStream 
golang-x-crypto-devel.noarch                                      0-37.el8.1                                                        epel      
golang-x-net-devel.noarch                                         0-0.60.20200807gitab34263.el8                                     epel      
golang-x-sys-devel.noarch                                         0-0.29.20191215gitac6580d.el8.1                                   epel      
golang-x-text-devel.noarch                                        0.3.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
goldendict.x86_64                                                 1.5-0.29.RC2.el8                                                  epel      
goldendict-docs.noarch                                            1.5-0.29.RC2.el8                                                  epel      
golie.x86_64                                                      0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gom.x86_64                                                        0.4-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
google-authenticator.x86_64                                       1.07-1.el8                                                        epel      
google-benchmark.x86_64                                           1.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
google-benchmark-devel.x86_64                                     1.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                             1.002-0.10.20130214.el8                                           AppStream 
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                             1.103-0.8.20130920.el8                                            AppStream 
google-droid-kufi-fonts.noarch                                    20120715-13.el8                                                   AppStream 
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                               20120715-13.el8                                                   AppStream 
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                                   20120715-13.el8                                                   AppStream 
google-gson.noarch                                                2.8.6-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
google-gson-javadoc.noarch                                        2.8.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
google-guice.noarch                                               4.1-11.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                              20211102-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                                    20211102-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                                   20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-kufi-arabic-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-naskh-arabic-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-nastaliq-urdu-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-balinese-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-bamum-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-batak-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-buginese-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-buhid-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cham-fonts.noarch                                20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cypriot-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch                       20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                                     20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch                         20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-fonts.noarch                         20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch                    20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian-fonts.noarch              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-javanese-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                                 20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lepcha-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-limbu-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-linear-b-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                                20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch                        20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch                        20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-mongolian-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-myanmar-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-fonts.noarch                         20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                                 20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ogham-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-italic-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-persian-fonts.noarch                         20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch                   20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-phags-pa-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-rejang-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-runic-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-samaritan-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-sundanese-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-syloti-nagri-fonts.noarch                        20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tai-le-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                                20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                                 20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-sans-yi-fonts.noarch                                  20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-bengali-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-devanagari-fonts.noarch                         20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                                    20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-gujarati-fonts.noarch                           20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-kannada-fonts.noarch                            20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                                20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-malayalam-fonts.noarch                          20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-tamil-fonts.noarch                              20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-telugu-fonts.noarch                             20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                               20201206-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
google-roboto-condensed-fonts.noarch                              2.138-5.el8                                                       epel      
google-roboto-fonts.noarch                                        2.138-5.el8                                                       epel      
google-roboto-slab-fonts.noarch                                   1.100263-0.7.20150923git.el8                                      AppStream 
googler.noarch                                                    4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
gpart.x86_64                                                      0.3-16.el8                                                        epel      
gparted.x86_64                                                    1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gpaw-setups.noarch                                                0.9.20000-5.el8                                                   epel      
gperf.x86_64                                                      3.1-5.el8                                                         AppStream 
gperftools.x86_64                                                 1:2.7-9.el8                                                       epel      
gperftools-devel.x86_64                                           1:2.7-9.el8                                                       epel      
gperftools-libs.x86_64                                            1:2.7-9.el8                                                       epel      
gpgme-devel.x86_64                                                1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gpgme-doc.noarch                                                  1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gpgmepp.x86_64                                                    1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
gpgmepp-devel.x86_64                                              1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gpm.x86_64                                                        1.20.7-17.an8                                                     AppStream 
gpm-devel.x86_64                                                  1.20.7-17.an8                                                     AppStream 
gprolog.x86_64                                                    1.5.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
gprolog-docs.x86_64                                               1.5.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
gpsbabel.x86_64                                                   1.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
gpsbabel-gui.x86_64                                               1.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
gpsd.x86_64                                                       3.19-4.el8.1                                                      epel      
gpsd-clients.x86_64                                               3.19-4.el8.1                                                      epel      
gpsd-devel.x86_64                                                 3.19-4.el8.1                                                      epel      
gpsd-libs.x86_64                                                  3.19-4.el8.1                                                      epel      
grace.x86_64                                                      5.1.25-32.el8                                                     epel      
grace-devel.x86_64                                                5.1.25-32.el8                                                     epel      
gradio.x86_64                                                     7.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
grafana.x86_64                                                    7.5.15-4.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
grafana-pcp.x86_64                                                3.2.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gramps.noarch                                                     5.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
granatier.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
grantlee-editor.x86_64                                            21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
grantlee-editor-libs.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
grantlee-qt5.x86_64                                               5.2.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
grantlee-qt5-apidocs.noarch                                       5.2.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
grantlee-qt5-devel.x86_64                                         5.2.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
graphene.x86_64                                                   1.10.6-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
graphene-devel.x86_64                                             1.10.6-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
graphite2-devel.x86_64                                            1.3.14-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
graphviz-devel.x86_64                                             2.40.1-44.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
graphviz-doc.x86_64                                               2.40.1-44.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
graphviz-gd.x86_64                                                2.40.1-44.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
graphviz-python3.x86_64                                           2.40.1-44.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
grass.x86_64                                                      7.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
grass-devel.x86_64                                                7.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
grass-gui.x86_64                                                  7.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
grass-libs.x86_64                                                 7.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
greenboot.x86_64                                                  0.15.4-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
greenboot-default-health-checks.x86_64                            0.15.4-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
greenboot-doc.noarch                                              0.15.4-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
grepcidr.x86_64                                                   2.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
grib_api.x86_64                                                   1.27.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
grib_api-devel.x86_64                                             1.27.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
grib_api-static.x86_64                                            1.27.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
gridsite.x86_64                                                   3.0.0-0.14.20180202git2fdbc6f.el8                                 epel      
gridsite-clients.x86_64                                           3.0.0-0.14.20180202git2fdbc6f.el8                                 epel      
gridsite-devel.x86_64                                             3.0.0-0.14.20180202git2fdbc6f.el8                                 epel      
gridsite-doc.noarch                                               3.0.0-0.14.20180202git2fdbc6f.el8                                 epel      
gridsite-libs.x86_64                                              3.0.0-0.14.20180202git2fdbc6f.el8                                 epel      
grilo.x86_64                                                      0.3.13-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
grilo-devel.x86_64                                                0.3.13-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
grilo-doc.noarch                                                  0.3.13-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                              0.3.13-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
groff.x86_64                                                      1.22.3-18.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
groff-doc.noarch                                                  1.22.3-18.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gromacs.x86_64                                                    2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-common.noarch                                             2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-devel.x86_64                                              2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-doc.noarch                                                2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-libs.x86_64                                               2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-mpich.x86_64                                              2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-opencl.x86_64                                             2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
gromacs-openmpi.x86_64                                            2019.6-2.el8                                                      epel      
group-service.x86_64                                              1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
group-service-devel.x86_64                                        1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
grsync.x86_64                                                     1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                                     1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                             1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                                      1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
grub2-efi-ia32-modules.noarch                                     1:2.02-148.0.1.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                                  40.0-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.x86_64                            40.0-6.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas-doc.noarch                              40.0-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gshhg-gmt-nc4.noarch                                              2.3.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
gshhg-gmt-nc4-full.noarch                                         2.3.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
gshhg-gmt-nc4-high.noarch                                         2.3.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
gsi-openssh.x86_64                                                8.0p1-13.el8                                                      epel      
gsi-openssh-clients.x86_64                                        8.0p1-13.el8                                                      epel      
gsi-openssh-server.x86_64                                         8.0p1-13.el8                                                      epel      
gsl.x86_64                                                        2.6-7.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
gsl-devel.x86_64                                                  2.6-7.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
gsm.x86_64                                                        1.0.19-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
gsm-devel.x86_64                                                  1.0.19-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
gsoap.x86_64                                                      2.8.91-1.el8                                                      epel      
gsoap-devel.x86_64                                                2.8.91-1.el8                                                      epel      
gsoap-doc.noarch                                                  2.8.91-1.el8                                                      epel      
gsound.x86_64                                                     1.0.2-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gsound-doc.noarch                                                 1.0.2-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gspell.x86_64                                                     1.9.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
gspell-devel.x86_64                                               1.9.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
gspell-doc.noarch                                                 1.9.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
gssdp.x86_64                                                      1.0.5-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gssdp-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.5-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gssdp-doc.noarch                                                  1.0.5-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gssdp-docs.noarch                                                 1.0.5-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gssntlmssp.x86_64                                                 1.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gssntlmssp-doc.noarch                                             1.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gssproxy.x86_64                                                   0.8.0-21.an8                                                      BaseOS    
gstreamer-plugin-crystalhd.x86_64                                 3.10.0-22.el8                                                     epel      
gstreamer1.x86_64                                                 1.18.4-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                                           1.18.4-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                                1.18.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-devel.x86_64                          1.18.4-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                                    1.18.4-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.x86_64                              1.18.4-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                                    1.16.1-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-doc.noarch                                1.16.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                                1.16.1-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                               1.16.1-1.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free-doc.noarch                           1.16.1-1.0.3.an8                                                  PowerTools
gstreamer1-svt-av1.x86_64                                         0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
gstreamer1-svt-vp9.x86_64                                         0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
gstreamer1-vaapi.x86_64                                           1.16.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
gstreamer1-vaapi-devel-docs.noarch                                1.16.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
gt.x86_64                                                         0.4-30.el8                                                        epel      
gtengine.x86_64                                                   1:6.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtengine-devel.x86_64                                             1:6.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtengine-samples.x86_64                                           1:6.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtest.x86_64                                                      1.8.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gtest-devel.x86_64                                                1.8.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
gthumb.x86_64                                                     1:3.11.4-2.el8                                                    epel      
gthumb-devel.x86_64                                               1:3.11.4-2.el8                                                    epel      
gtk-doc.x86_64                                                    1.33.2-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gtk-doc-doc.noarch                                                1.33.2-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gtk-layer-shell.x86_64                                            0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtk-layer-shell-devel.x86_64                                      0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtk-murrine-engine.x86_64                                         0.98.2-23.el8                                                     epel      
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                                   1.3.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                                 2.24.32-5.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk2-devel-docs.x86_64                                            2.24.32-5.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk2-engines.x86_64                                               2.20.2-24.el8                                                     epel      
gtk2-engines-devel.x86_64                                         2.20.2-24.el8                                                     epel      
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                                          2.24.32-5.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk2-immodules.x86_64                                             2.24.32-5.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk2hs-buildtools.x86_64                                          0.13.4.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
gtk3.x86_64                                                       3.24.31-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                                 3.24.31-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk3-doc.noarch                                                   3.24.31-2.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                                          3.24.31-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtk4.x86_64                                                       4.4.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
gtkdatabox.x86_64                                                 1.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
gtkdatabox-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
gtkdatabox-glade.x86_64                                           1.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
gtkglext-devel.x86_64                                             1.2.0-40.el8                                                      epel      
gtkglext-libs.x86_64                                              1.2.0-40.el8                                                      epel      
gtkmm24.x86_64                                                    2.24.5-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gtkmm24-devel.x86_64                                              2.24.5-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gtkmm24-doc.noarch                                                2.24.5-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gtkmm24-docs.noarch                                               2.24.5-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gtkmm30.x86_64                                                    3.22.2-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
gtkmm30-devel.x86_64                                              3.22.2-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
gtkmm30-doc.noarch                                                3.22.2-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                             3.24.9-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gtksourceview3-devel.x86_64                                       3.24.9-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gtksourceview3-doc.noarch                                         3.24.9-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                             4.8.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
gtksourceview4-devel.x86_64                                       4.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtksourceview4-tests.x86_64                                       4.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
gtkspell.x86_64                                                   2.0.16-15.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtkspell-devel.x86_64                                             2.0.16-15.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gtkspell-doc.noarch                                               2.0.16-15.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gtkspell3.x86_64                                                  3.0.9-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gtkspell3-devel.x86_64                                            3.0.9-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gtkspell3-doc.noarch                                              3.0.9-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gtkwave.x86_64                                                    3.3.104-2.el8                                                     epel      
guacd.x86_64                                                      1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
guava20.noarch                                                    20.0-8.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
gubbi-fonts.noarch                                                1.3-10.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
gubbi-fonts-doc.noarch                                            1.3-10.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
gucharmap.x86_64                                                  12.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
gucharmap-devel.x86_64                                            12.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
gucharmap-libs.x86_64                                             12.0.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
guidelines-support-library-devel.noarch                           3.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
guile-devel.x86_64                                                5:2.0.14-7.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
gulrak-filesystem-devel.x86_64                                    1.5.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
gupnp.x86_64                                                      1.0.6-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gupnp-av.x86_64                                                   0.12.10-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
gupnp-av-doc.noarch                                               0.12.10-6.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
gupnp-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.6-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                                 0.10.5-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                                  0.2.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gupnp-igd-devel.x86_64                                            0.2.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gupnp-igd-doc.noarch                                              0.2.5-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
gutenprint.x86_64                                                 5.3.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                                            5.3.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gutenprint-doc.x86_64                                             5.3.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                                            5.3.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gutenprint-libs-ui.x86_64                                         5.3.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gutenprint-plugin.x86_64                                          5.3.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
gv.x86_64                                                         3.7.4-25.el8                                                      epel      
gvfs.x86_64                                                       1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                                   1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                                   1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                               1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-client.x86_64                                                1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                                 1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-doc.noarch                                                   1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  PowerTools
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                                  1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                                   1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                               1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                                   1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                                   1.48.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
gvnc.x86_64                                                       1.3.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
gwe.noarch                                                        0.15.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
gwenhywfar.x86_64                                                 5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-devel.x86_64                                           5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-gui-cpp.x86_64                                         5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-gui-cpp-devel.x86_64                                   5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-gui-gtk3.x86_64                                        5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-gui-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                  5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-gui-qt5.x86_64                                         5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenhywfar-gui-qt5-devel.x86_64                                   5.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
gwenview.x86_64                                                   1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
gwenview-libs.x86_64                                              1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
gxkb.x86_64                                                       0.9.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
gyp.noarch                                                        0.1-0.39.fcd686f1git.el8                                          epel      
halibut.x86_64                                                    1.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
hamcrest.noarch                                                   1.3-29.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                              AppStream 
hamcrest-core.noarch                                              1.3-29.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                              AppStream 
hamlib.x86_64                                                     4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
hamlib-c++.x86_64                                                 4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
hamlib-c++-devel.x86_64                                           4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
hamlib-devel.x86_64                                               4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
hamlib-doc.noarch                                                 4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
happy.x86_64                                                      1.19.9-2.el8                                                      epel      
haproxy.x86_64                                                    2.4.17-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                             2.7.4-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
harfbuzz-doc.noarch                                               2.7.4-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                               2.7.4-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
hash-slinger.noarch                                               3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
hashid.noarch                                                     3.1.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
haveged.x86_64                                                    1.9.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
haveged-devel.x86_64                                              1.9.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
hawtjni-runtime.noarch                                            1.16-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
haxe.x86_64                                                       4.0.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
haxe-stdlib.noarch                                                4.0.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
hd-idle.x86_64                                                    1.05-14.el8                                                       epel      
hddtemp.x86_64                                                    0.3-0.43.beta15.el8                                               epel      
hdf.x86_64                                                        4.2.14-5.el8                                                      epel      
hdf-devel.x86_64                                                  4.2.14-5.el8                                                      epel      
hdf-static.x86_64                                                 4.2.14-5.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5.x86_64                                                       1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-devel.x86_64                                                 1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-mpich.x86_64                                                 1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-mpich-devel.x86_64                                           1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-mpich-static.x86_64                                          1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-openmpi.x86_64                                               1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                         1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-openmpi-static.x86_64                                        1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdf5-static.x86_64                                                1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
hdhomerun.x86_64                                                  20230323-1.el8                                                    epel      
hdhomerun-devel.x86_64                                            20230323-1.el8                                                    epel      
hdparm.x86_64                                                     9.54-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
hdparm-doc.noarch                                                 9.54-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
heaptrack.x86_64                                                  1.2.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
hedley-devel.x86_64                                               15-8.el8                                                          epel      
heimdal-devel.x86_64                                              7.7.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
heimdal-libs.x86_64                                               7.7.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
heimdal-path.x86_64                                               7.7.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
heimdal-server.x86_64                                             7.7.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
heimdal-workstation.x86_64                                        7.7.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
help2man.noarch                                                   1.48.2-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
hesiod.x86_64                                                     3.2.1-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
hesiod-devel.x86_64                                               3.2.1-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
hesiod-doc.noarch                                                 3.2.1-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
hexchat.x86_64                                                    2.16.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
hexchat-autoaway.x86_64                                           2.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
hexchat-devel.x86_64                                              2.16.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
hexedit.x86_64                                                    1.6-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                                              540.1.linux3-26.el8                                               epel      
hicolor-icon-theme-doc.noarch                                     0.17-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
hidapi.x86_64                                                     0.9.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
hidapi-devel.x86_64                                               0.9.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
hiera.noarch                                                      3.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                                    3.28-14.an8                                                       AppStream 
highlight.x86_64                                                  3.60-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
highlight-gui.x86_64                                              3.60-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
highway.x86_64                                                    1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
highway-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
highway-doc.noarch                                                1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
hiredis.x86_64                                                    0.13.3-13.el8                                                     epel      
hiredis-devel.x86_64                                              0.13.3-13.el8                                                     epel      
hitch.x86_64                                                      1.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
hivex.x86_64                                                      1.3.18-23.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                           AppStream 
hivex-devel.x86_64                                                1.3.18-23.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                           AppStream 
hlint.x86_64                                                      2.1.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
holland.noarch                                                    1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-common.noarch                                             1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-commvault.noarch                                          1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-lvm.noarch                                                1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-mariabackup.noarch                                        1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-mongodump.noarch                                          1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-mysql.noarch                                              1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-mysqldump.noarch                                          1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-mysqllvm.noarch                                           1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-pg_basebackup.noarch                                      1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-pgdump.noarch                                             1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
holland-xtrabackup.noarch                                         1.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
hostapd.x86_64                                                    2.10-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
hostname-doc.noarch                                               3.20-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
hping3.x86_64                                                     0.0.20051105-33.el8                                               epel      
hplip.x86_64                                                      3.18.4-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
hplip-common.x86_64                                               3.18.4-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
hplip-doc.noarch                                                  3.18.4-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
hplip-gui.x86_64                                                  3.18.4-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
hplip-libs.x86_64                                                 3.18.4-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
hsakmt.x86_64                                                     1.0.6-21.rocm5.2.3.el8                                            epel      
hsakmt-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.6-21.rocm5.2.3.el8                                            epel      
hscolour.x86_64                                                   1.24.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
hspell.x86_64                                                     1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
hspell-doc.noarch                                                 1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
hstr.x86_64                                                       3.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
html2ps.noarch                                                    1.0-0.39.b7.el8                                                   epel      
html401-dtds.noarch                                               4.01-19991224.12.el8.15                                           epel      
htop.x86_64                                                       3.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
htslib.x86_64                                                     1.9-5.el8                                                         epel      
htslib-devel.x86_64                                               1.9-5.el8                                                         epel      
htslib-tools.x86_64                                               1.9-5.el8                                                         epel      
http-parser.x86_64                                                2.9.4-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
http-parser-devel.x86_64                                          2.9.4-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
httpcomponents-client.noarch                                      4.5.5-5.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
httpcomponents-core.noarch                                        4.4.10-3.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                            AppStream 
httpd.x86_64                                                      2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
httpd-devel.x86_64                                                2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
httpd-filesystem.noarch                                           2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
httpd-manual.noarch                                               2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
httpd-tools.x86_64                                                2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
httpie.noarch                                                     2.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
httping.x86_64                                                    2.5-8.el8                                                         epel      
httpry.x86_64                                                     0.1.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
hunspell.x86_64                                                   1.7.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-af.noarch                                                0.20080825-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ak.noarch                                                0.9.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-am.noarch                                                0.20090704-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ar.noarch                                                3.5-7.el8                                                         AppStream 
hunspell-as.noarch                                                1.0.3-17.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-ast.noarch                                               1:2.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-az.noarch                                                0.20040827-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-be.noarch                                                1.1-15.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-ber.noarch                                               0.20080210-15.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-bg.noarch                                                4.3-13.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-bn.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-br.noarch                                                1:0.15-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-ca.noarch                                                2.3-11.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-cop.noarch                                               0.3-13.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-cs.noarch                                                20080822-8.el8                                                    AppStream 
hunspell-csb.noarch                                               0.20050311-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-cv.noarch                                                1.06-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-cy.noarch                                                0.20040425-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-da.noarch                                                1.7.42-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-de.noarch                                                0.20161207-1.el8                                                  AppStream 
hunspell-devel.x86_64                                             1.7.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-dsb.noarch                                               1.4.8-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-el.noarch                                                1:0.9-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-en.noarch                                                0.20140811.1-12.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                             0.20140811.1-12.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                             0.20140811.1-12.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-eo.noarch                                                1:0.20100218-8.an8                                                AppStream 
hunspell-es.noarch                                                1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-AR.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-BO.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-CL.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-CO.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-CR.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-CU.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-DO.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-EC.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-ES.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-GT.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-HN.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-MX.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-NI.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-PA.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-PE.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-PR.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-PY.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-SV.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-US.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-UY.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-es-VE.noarch                                             1:2.3-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-et.noarch                                                0.20030606-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-eu.noarch                                                5.1-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
hunspell-fa.noarch                                                0.20070116-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                                        1.7.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-fj.noarch                                                1.2-15.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-fo.noarch                                                0.4.2-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-fr.noarch                                                6.2-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
hunspell-fur.noarch                                               0.20050912-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-fy.noarch                                                3.0.0-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ga.noarch                                                5.0-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
hunspell-gd.noarch                                                2.6-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-gl.noarch                                                0.20080515-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-grc.noarch                                               2.1.5-16.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-gu.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-gv.noarch                                                0.20040505-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-haw.noarch                                               0.03-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-he.x86_64                                                1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-hi.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-hil.noarch                                               1:0.14-14.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-hr.noarch                                                1:0.20040608-17.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-hsb.noarch                                               0.20060327.3-12.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-ht.noarch                                                0.06-13.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-hu.noarch                                                1.6.1-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-hy.noarch                                                0.20.0-13.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-ia.noarch                                                0.20050226-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-id.noarch                                                0.20040812-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-is.noarch                                                0.20090823-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-it.noarch                                                2.4-0.17.20070901.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-kk.noarch                                                1.1-14.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-km.noarch                                                1.82-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-kn.noarch                                                1.0.3-15.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-ko.noarch                                                0.7.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ku.noarch                                                0.21-18.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ky.noarch                                                0.20090415-15.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-la.noarch                                                0.20130331-11.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-lb.noarch                                                0.20121128-9.el8                                                  AppStream 
hunspell-ln.noarch                                                0.02-14.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-lt.noarch                                                1.2.1-18.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-lv.noarch                                                1.4.0-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-mai.noarch                                               1.0.1-15.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-mg.noarch                                                0.20050109-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-mi.noarch                                                0.20080630-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-mk.noarch                                                0.20051126-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ml.noarch                                                0.1-18.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-mn.noarch                                                0.20080709-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-mos.noarch                                               0.20101130-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-mr.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-ms.noarch                                                0.20050117-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-mt.noarch                                                0.20110414-1.el8                                                  AppStream 
hunspell-nb.noarch                                                1:2.0.10-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
hunspell-nds.noarch                                               0.1-15.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-ne.noarch                                                20080425-17.el8                                                   AppStream 
hunspell-nl.noarch                                                2.20.19-5.an8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-nn.noarch                                                1:2.0.10-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
hunspell-nr.noarch                                                0.20091030-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-nso.noarch                                               0.20091201-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ny.noarch                                                1:0.01-14.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-oc.noarch                                                0.6.2-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-om.noarch                                                1:0.04-15.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-or.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-pa.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-pl.noarch                                                0.20180707-1.el8                                                  AppStream 
hunspell-pt.noarch                                                0.20130125-10.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-qu.noarch                                                0.9-13.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-quh.noarch                                               0.20110816-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ro.noarch                                                3.3.7-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-ru.noarch                                                1:0.99g5-13.el8                                                   AppStream 
hunspell-rw.noarch                                                0.20050109-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-sc.noarch                                                0.20081101-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-se.noarch                                                1.0-0.14.beta7.el8                                                AppStream 
hunspell-shs.noarch                                               0.20090828-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-si.noarch                                                0.2.1-16.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-sk.noarch                                                1:0.20110228-12.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-sl.noarch                                                0.20070127-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-smj.noarch                                               1.0-0.14.beta7.el8                                                AppStream 
hunspell-so.noarch                                                1.0.2-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-sq.noarch                                                1.6.4-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-sr.noarch                                                0.20130330-10.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ss.noarch                                                0.20091030-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-st.noarch                                                0.20091030-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-sv.noarch                                                2.28-8.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-sw.noarch                                                0.20050819-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ta.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-te.noarch                                                1:1.0.0-9.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-tet.noarch                                               0.20050108-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-th.noarch                                                0.20061212-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-ti.noarch                                                0.20090911-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-tk.noarch                                                1:0.02-12.el8                                                     AppStream 
hunspell-tl.noarch                                                0.20050109-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-tn.noarch                                                0.20150904-1.el8                                                  AppStream 
hunspell-tpi.noarch                                               0.07-10.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ts.noarch                                                0.20110323.1-1.el8                                                AppStream 
hunspell-uk.noarch                                                1.8.0-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ur.noarch                                                0.64-14.el8                                                       AppStream 
hunspell-uz.noarch                                                0.6-16.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-ve.noarch                                                0.20091030-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-vi.noarch                                                0.20120418-1.el8                                                  AppStream 
hunspell-wa.noarch                                                0.4.17-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
hunspell-xh.noarch                                                0.20091030-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hunspell-yi.noarch                                                1.1-15.el8                                                        AppStream 
hunspell-zu.noarch                                                0.20100126-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hw-probe.noarch                                                   1.6.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
hwdata.noarch                                                     0.314-8.16.an8                                                    BaseOS    
hwinfo.x86_64                                                     22.2-1.el8                                                        epel      
hwinfo-devel.x86_64                                               22.2-1.el8                                                        epel      
hwinfo-libs.x86_64                                                22.2-1.el8                                                        epel      
hwloc.x86_64                                                      2.2.0-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
hwloc-devel.x86_64                                                2.2.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
hwloc-gui.x86_64                                                  2.2.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                                 2.2.0-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
hwloc-plugins.x86_64                                              2.2.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
hxtools.x86_64                                                    20150304-10.el8                                                   epel      
hydra.x86_64                                                      9.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
hydra-frontend.x86_64                                             9.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
hyperfine.x86_64                                                  1.14.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
hyperscan.x86_64                                                  5.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
hyperscan-devel.x86_64                                            5.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                             0-0.41.20190303git.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                                     0-0.41.20190303git.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
hyperv-tools.noarch                                               0-0.41.20190303git.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                               0-0.41.20190303git.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                                 0-0.41.20190303git.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
hypervvssd.x86_64                                                 0-0.41.20190303git.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
hyphen.x86_64                                                     2.8.8-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
hyphen-af.noarch                                                  0-0.25.20080714svn.an8                                            AppStream 
hyphen-as.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-be.noarch                                                  1.1-15.el8                                                        AppStream 
hyphen-bg.noarch                                                  4.3-13.el8                                                        AppStream 
hyphen-bn.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-ca.noarch                                                  1:0.9.3-14.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-cs.noarch                                                  20080822-8.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-cy.noarch                                                  0.20110620-12.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-da.noarch                                                  0.20070903-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-de.noarch                                                  0.20060120-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-devel.x86_64                                               2.8.8-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
hyphen-el.noarch                                                  0.20051018-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-en.noarch                                                  2.8.8-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
hyphen-es.noarch                                                  2.3-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
hyphen-et.noarch                                                  0.20030606-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-eu.noarch                                                  0.20190406-2.an8                                                  AppStream 
hyphen-fa.noarch                                                  0.20130404-9.el8                                                  AppStream 
hyphen-fo.noarch                                                  0.20040420-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-fr.noarch                                                  3.0-10.an8                                                        AppStream 
hyphen-ga.noarch                                                  0.20040220-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-gl.noarch                                                  0.99-15.el8                                                       AppStream 
hyphen-grc.noarch                                                 0.20110913-12.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-gu.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-hi.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-hr.noarch                                                  1:0.20040608-17.el8                                               AppStream 
hyphen-hsb.noarch                                                 0.20110620-12.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-hu.noarch                                                  0.20090612-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-ia.noarch                                                  0.20050628-14.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-id.noarch                                                  0.20040812-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-is.noarch                                                  0.20030920-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-it.noarch                                                  0.20071127-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-kn.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-ku.noarch                                                  1.71.2-14.el8                                                     AppStream 
hyphen-lt.noarch                                                  0.20100531-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-lv.noarch                                                  1.4.0-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
hyphen-mi.noarch                                                  0.20080630-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-ml.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-mn.noarch                                                  0.20100531-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-mr.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-nb.noarch                                                  1:2.0.10-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-nl.noarch                                                  0.20050617-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-nn.noarch                                                  1:2.0.10-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-or.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-12.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-pa.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-pl.noarch                                                  0.20060726-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-pt.noarch                                                  0.20140727-3.an8                                                  AppStream 
hyphen-ro.noarch                                                  3.3.6-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
hyphen-ru.noarch                                                  0.20020727-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-sa.noarch                                                  0.20110915-13.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-sk.noarch                                                  0.20031227-18.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-sl.noarch                                                  0.20070127-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-sr.noarch                                                  0.20130330-10.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-sv.noarch                                                  1.00.1-18.el8                                                     AppStream 
hyphen-ta.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-te.noarch                                                  1:0.7.0-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
hyphen-tk.noarch                                                  0.20110620-12.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-uk.noarch                                                  0.20030903-16.el8                                                 AppStream 
hyphen-zu.noarch                                                  0-0.25.20080714svn.an8                                            AppStream 
hypre.x86_64                                                      2.18.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
hypre-devel.x86_64                                                2.18.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
hypre-mpich.x86_64                                                2.18.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
hypre-mpich-devel.x86_64                                          2.18.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
hypre-openmpi.x86_64                                              2.18.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
hypre-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                        2.18.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
i2c-tools.x86_64                                                  4.0-12.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
i2c-tools-doc.noarch                                              4.0-12.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
i2c-tools-perl.x86_64                                             4.0-12.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
ibacm.x86_64                                                      44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
ibm-data-db2.x86_64                                               6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
ibus.x86_64                                                       1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                                 1.5.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
ibus-anthy-devel.x86_64                                           1.5.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
ibus-anthy-kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                  1.5.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                                          1.5.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
ibus-anthy-python3-pycotap.noarch                                 1.5.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
ibus-anthy-tests.x86_64                                           1.5.13-3.el8                                                      epel      
ibus-devel.x86_64                                                 1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-devel-docs.noarch                                            1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-doc.noarch                                                   1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                                  1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                                  1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                                1.5.1-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ibus-hangul-doc.noarch                                            1.5.1-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                                   1.5.22-9.an8                                                      AppStream 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                             1.10.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-libpinyin-doc.noarch                                         1.10.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ibus-libs.x86_64                                                  1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                             1.8.93-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-libzhuyin-doc.noarch                                         1.8.93-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                                  1.3.4-26.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-m17n-doc.noarch                                              1.3.4-26.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ibus-mozc.x86_64                                                  2.23.2815.102-8.el8.2                                             epel      
ibus-sayura.x86_64                                                1.3.2-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-sayura-doc.noarch                                            1.3.2-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ibus-setup.noarch                                                 1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ibus-table.noarch                                                 1.9.18-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese.noarch                                         1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-array.noarch                                   1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-cangjie.noarch                                 1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-cantonese.noarch                               1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-easy.noarch                                    1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-erbi.noarch                                    1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-quick.noarch                                   1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-scj.noarch                                     1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-stroke5.noarch                                 1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-wu.noarch                                      1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng.noarch                            1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian.noarch                             1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-yong.noarch                                    1.8.2-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
ibus-table-devel.noarch                                           1.9.18-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-table-doc.noarch                                             1.9.18-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ibus-table-tests.noarch                                           1.9.18-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                                        2.1.0-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ibus-typing-booster-doc.noarch                                    2.1.0-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ibus-typing-booster-tests.noarch                                  2.1.0-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ibus-wayland.x86_64                                               1.5.19-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
icedax.x86_64                                                     1.1.11-39.el8                                                     AppStream 
icedtea-web.x86_64                                                1.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
icedtea-web-javadoc.noarch                                        1.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
icewm.x86_64                                                      3.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
icewm-data.noarch                                                 3.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
icewm-minimal-session.noarch                                      3.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
icewm-themes.noarch                                               3.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
icon.x86_64                                                       9.5.20i-1.el8                                                     epel      
icon-naming-utils.noarch                                          0.8.90-25.el8                                                     epel      
icon-utils.x86_64                                                 9.5.20i-1.el8                                                     epel      
icoutils.x86_64                                                   0.32.3-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
icoutils-doc.noarch                                               0.32.3-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
icu.x86_64                                                        60.3-2.0.2.an8                                                    BaseOS    
icu4j.noarch                                                      1:65.1-3.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
id3lib.x86_64                                                     3.8.3-47.el8                                                      epel      
id3lib-devel.x86_64                                               3.8.3-47.el8                                                      epel      
idn2.x86_64                                                       2.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
iec16022.x86_64                                                   0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
iec16022-devel.x86_64                                             0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
iec16022-libs.x86_64                                              0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ifstat.x86_64                                                     1.1-34.el8                                                        epel      
iftop.x86_64                                                      1.0-0.21.pre4.el8                                                 epel      
ifuse.x86_64                                                      1.1.3-17.el8                                                      epel      
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                                           3.3-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
ike-scan.x86_64                                                   1.9.4-29.el8                                                      epel      
ilbc.x86_64                                                       1.1.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
ilbc-devel.x86_64                                                 1.1.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
ilmbase.x86_64                                                    2.2.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ilmbase-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ilmbase-doc.noarch                                                2.2.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
im-chooser.x86_64                                                 1.7.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
im-chooser-common.x86_64                                          1.7.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
ima-evm-utils-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.2-12.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
ima-evm-utils0.x86_64                                             1.3.2-12.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
imake.x86_64                                                      1.0.7-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
imapfilter.x86_64                                                 2.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
imapsync.noarch                                                   2.229-1.el8                                                       epel      
iml.x86_64                                                        1.0.5-31.el8                                                      epel      
iml-devel.x86_64                                                  1.0.5-31.el8                                                      epel      
imlib2.x86_64                                                     1.4.9-8.el8                                                       epel      
imlib2-devel.x86_64                                               1.4.9-8.el8                                                       epel      
imlib2-id3tag-loader.x86_64                                       1.4.9-8.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings.x86_64                                                 1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings-devel.x86_64                                           1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings-gsettings.x86_64                                       1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings-libs.x86_64                                            1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings-mate.x86_64                                            1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings-qt.x86_64                                              1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
imsettings-systemd.x86_64                                         1.8.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
incron.x86_64                                                     0.5.12-12.el8                                                     epel      
indent.x86_64                                                     2.2.13-4.el8                                                      epel      
inews.x86_64                                                      2.6.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
infiniband-diags.x86_64                                           44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
inih.x86_64                                                       57-1.el8                                                          epel      
inih-devel.x86_64                                                 57-1.el8                                                          epel      
iniparser.x86_64                                                  4.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
iniparser-devel.x86_64                                            4.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
initial-setup.x86_64                                              0.3.81.7-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                                          0.3.81.7-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
initscripts.x86_64                                                10.00.18-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
inn.x86_64                                                        2.6.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
inn-devel.x86_64                                                  2.6.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
inn-libs.x86_64                                                   2.6.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
innoextract.x86_64                                                1.9-8.el8                                                         epel      
innotop.noarch                                                    1.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
inotify-tools.x86_64                                              3.14-19.el8                                                       epel      
inotify-tools-devel.x86_64                                        3.14-19.el8                                                       epel      
integritysetup.x86_64                                             2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
intel-cmt-cat.x86_64                                              4.0.0-0.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
intel-cmt-cat-devel.x86_64                                        4.0.0-0.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
intel-cmt-cat-doc.noarch                                          4.0.0-0.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
intel-gpu-tools.x86_64                                            2.99.917-41.20210115.an8                                          AppStream 
intel-ipp-crypto-mb.x86_64                                        1.0.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
intel-ipp-crypto-mb-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
intel-ipp-crypto-mb-static.x86_64                                 1.0.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
intel-ipsec-mb.x86_64                                             1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
intel-ipsec-mb-devel.x86_64                                       1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
intltool-doc.noarch                                               0.51.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
inxi.noarch                                                       3.3.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
ioc-writer.noarch                                                 0.3.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
ioping.x86_64                                                     1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
iotools.x86_64                                                    1.7~pre0-3.el8                                                    epel      
iotop.noarch                                                      0.6-17.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
iotop-c.x86_64                                                    1.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
iotop-doc.noarch                                                  0.6-17.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
iowatcher.x86_64                                                  1.2.0-10.el8                                                      AppStream 
ipa-client.x86_64                                                 4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-client-common.noarch                                          4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-client-epn.x86_64                                             4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-client-samba.x86_64                                           4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-common.noarch                                                 4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-fas.noarch                                                    0.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
ipa-healthcheck-core.noarch                                       0.12-1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                              AppStream 
ipa-python-compat.noarch                                          4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-selinux.noarch                                                4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-server.x86_64                                                 4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-server-common.noarch                                          4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-server-dns.noarch                                             4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipa-server-trust-ad.x86_64                                        4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
ipcalc-doc.noarch                                                 0.2.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
iperf.x86_64                                                      2.1.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
iperf3.x86_64                                                     3.9-10.an8                                                        AppStream 
ipmctl.x86_64                                                     03.00.00.0468-2.el8                                               epel      
ipmctl-compat-02.00.00.3885.x86_64                                02.00.00.3885-1.el8                                               epel      
ipmievd.x86_64                                                    1.8.18-18.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
ipmitool.x86_64                                                   1.8.18-18.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
ipmitool-doc.noarch                                               1.8.18-18.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
iproute-devel.x86_64                                              5.18.0-1.1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
iproute-doc.x86_64                                                5.18.0-1.1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
iproute-tc.x86_64                                                 5.18.0-1.1.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
iprutils.x86_64                                                   2.4.19-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
ipset.x86_64                                                      7.1-1.el8                                                         BaseOS    
ipset-devel.x86_64                                                7.1-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
ipset-libs.x86_64                                                 7.1-1.el8                                                         BaseOS    
ipset-service.noarch                                              7.1-1.el8                                                         BaseOS    
ipsilon.noarch                                                    3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-authform.noarch                                           3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-authgssapi.noarch                                         3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-authldap.noarch                                           3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-authpam.noarch                                            3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-base.noarch                                               3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-client.noarch                                             3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-filesystem.noarch                                         3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-infofas.noarch                                            3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-infosssd.noarch                                           3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-openid.noarch                                             3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-openidc.noarch                                            3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-saml2.noarch                                              3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-saml2-base.noarch                                         3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-theme-Fedora.noarch                                       3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-theme-openSUSE.noarch                                     3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
ipsilon-tools-ipa.noarch                                          3.0.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
iptables-arptables.x86_64                                         1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
iptables-devel.x86_64                                             1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
iptables-ebtables.x86_64                                          1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
iptables-services.x86_64                                          1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
iptables-utils.x86_64                                             1.8.4-24.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                                  1.2.1-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
iptraf-ng-doc.noarch                                              1.2.1-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
iptstate.x86_64                                                   2.2.6-6.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
iptstate-doc.noarch                                               2.2.6-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
iputils-ninfod.x86_64                                             20180629-10.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
ipv6calc.x86_64                                                   4.1.0-70.el8                                                      epel      
ipv6calc-ipv6calcweb.x86_64                                       4.1.0-70.el8                                                      epel      
ipv6calc-mod_ipv6calc.x86_64                                      4.1.0-70.el8                                                      epel      
ipvsadm.x86_64                                                    1.31-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
ipvsadm-doc.noarch                                                1.31-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
ipxe-bootimgs-aarch64.noarch                                      20200823-9.git4bd064de.an8                                        AppStream 
ipxe-bootimgs-x86.noarch                                          20200823-9.git4bd064de.an8                                        AppStream 
ipxe-roms.noarch                                                  20200823-9.git4bd064de.an8                                        AppStream 
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                             20200823-9.git4bd064de.an8                                        AppStream 
irclog2html.noarch                                                2.17.2-4.el8                                                      epel      
irqbalance.x86_64                                                 2:1.9.0-4.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
irqbalance-doc.noarch                                             2:1.9.0-4.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
irrXML.x86_64                                                     1.8.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
irrXML-devel.x86_64                                               1.8.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
irrlicht.x86_64                                                   1.8.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
irrlicht-devel.x86_64                                             1.8.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
irssi.x86_64                                                      1.1.1-3.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
irssi-devel.x86_64                                                1.1.1-3.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
irssi-doc.noarch                                                  1.1.1-3.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
iscan-firmware.noarch                                             20190508-1.el8                                                    epel      
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                                      6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.0.1.an8                                      BaseOS    
iscsi-initiator-utils-devel.x86_64                                6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.0.1.an8                                      AppStream 
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                             6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.0.1.an8                                      BaseOS    
isl-devel.x86_64                                                  0.16.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
isl-doc.noarch                                                    0.16.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
islamic-menus.noarch                                              1.0.6-13.el8                                                      epel      
isns-utils.x86_64                                                 0.99-1.el8                                                        BaseOS    
isns-utils-devel.x86_64                                           0.99-1.el8                                                        BaseOS    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                                            0.99-1.el8                                                        BaseOS    
iso-codes.noarch                                                  4.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
iso-codes-devel.noarch                                            4.6.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
iso-country-flags.noarch                                          0-0.1.20170202git1d382a9.el8                                      epel      
isomd5sum.x86_64                                                  1:1.2.3-3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
istack-commons.noarch                                             2.21-9.an8                                                        AppStream 
istack-commons-runtime.noarch                                     2.21-9.an8                                                        AppStream 
istack-commons-tools.noarch                                       2.21-9.an8                                                        AppStream 
isync.x86_64                                                      1.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
itstool.noarch                                                    2.0.6-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
iucode-tool.x86_64                                                2.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ivykis.x86_64                                                     0.42.4-2.el8                                                      epel      
ivykis-devel.x86_64                                               0.42.4-2.el8                                                      epel      
iw.x86_64                                                         4.14-5.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
iw-doc.noarch                                                     4.14-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
iwl100-firmware.noarch                                            39.31.5.1-117.an8.1                                               BaseOS    
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                                           1:39.31.5.1-117.an8.1                                             BaseOS    
iwl105-firmware.noarch                                            18.168.6.1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl135-firmware.noarch                                            18.168.6.1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                                           18.168.6.1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                                           18.168.6.1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                                           1:25.30.13.0-117.an8.1                                            BaseOS    
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                                           15.32.2.9-117.an8.1                                               BaseOS    
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                                           228.61.2.24-117.an8.1                                             BaseOS    
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                                           8.83.5.1_1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                                           8.24.2.2-117.an8.1                                                BaseOS    
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                                           9.221.4.1-117.an8.1                                               BaseOS    
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                                        18.168.6.1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                                        18.168.6.1-117.an8.1                                              BaseOS    
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                                           41.28.5.1-117.an8.1                                               BaseOS    
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                                           1:25.30.13.0-117.an8.1                                            BaseOS    
iwpmd.x86_64                                                      44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
jabberpy-doc.noarch                                               0.5-0.38.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64                                  1.9.14-4.el8                                                      epel      
jack-audio-connection-kit-dbus.x86_64                             1.9.14-4.el8                                                      epel      
jack-audio-connection-kit-devel.x86_64                            1.9.14-4.el8                                                      epel      
jack-audio-connection-kit-example-clients.x86_64                  1.9.14-4.el8                                                      epel      
jaf.noarch                                                        1.2.1-5.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                             AppStream 
jaf-javadoc.noarch                                                1.2.1-5.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                             AppStream 
jakarta-activation.noarch                                         1.2.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
jakarta-activation-javadoc.noarch                                 1.2.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
jakarta-servlet-javadoc.noarch                                    5.0.0-10.el8                                                      epel      
jansi.noarch                                                      1.17.1-1.module+an8.7.0+10956+cfc57550                            AppStream 
jansi-native.x86_64                                               1.7-7.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                               AppStream 
jansson-devel.x86_64                                              2.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
jansson-devel-doc.noarch                                          2.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jansson-doc.noarch                                                2.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jargs.noarch                                                      1.0-20.el8                                                        epel      
jargs-javadoc.noarch                                              1.0-20.el8                                                        epel      
jasper.x86_64                                                     2.0.14-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
jasper-devel.x86_64                                               2.0.14-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
jasper-doc.noarch                                                 2.0.14-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
jasper-libs.x86_64                                                2.0.14-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                                         1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-accessibility.x86_64                           1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-accessibility-fastdebug.x86_64                 1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-accessibility-slowdebug.x86_64                 1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo.x86_64                                    1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo-fastdebug.x86_64                          1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo-slowdebug.x86_64                          1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.x86_64                                   1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel-fastdebug.x86_64                         1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel-slowdebug.x86_64                         1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-fastdebug.x86_64                               1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless-fastdebug.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless-slowdebug.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc.noarch                                 1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc-zip.noarch                             1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable.x86_64                                1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-devel.x86_64                          1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-devel-fastdebug.x86_64                1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-devel-slowdebug.x86_64                1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-docs.x86_64                           1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-fastdebug.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-misc.x86_64                           1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-slowdebug.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-portable-unstripped.x86_64                     1:1.8.0.372.b07-2.0.2.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-slowdebug.x86_64                               1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src.x86_64                                     1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src-fastdebug.x86_64                           1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src-slowdebug.x86_64                           1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.0.1.an8                                         PowerTools
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                                            1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-demo.x86_64                                       1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-demo-fastdebug.x86_64                             1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-demo-slowdebug.x86_64                             1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                                      1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-devel-fastdebug.x86_64                            1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-devel-slowdebug.x86_64                            1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-fastdebug.x86_64                                  1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                                   1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-headless-fastdebug.x86_64                         1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-headless-slowdebug.x86_64                         1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                                    1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                                1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                                      1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-jmods-fastdebug.x86_64                            1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-jmods-slowdebug.x86_64                            1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-slowdebug.x86_64                                  1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-src.x86_64                                        1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-src-fastdebug.x86_64                              1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-src-slowdebug.x86_64                              1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                                1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64                      1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-11-openjdk-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64                      1:11.0.20.0.8-3.0.1.an8                                           PowerTools
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                                            1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-demo.x86_64                                       1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-demo-fastdebug.x86_64                             1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-demo-slowdebug.x86_64                             1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-devel.x86_64                                      1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-devel-fastdebug.x86_64                            1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-devel-slowdebug.x86_64                            1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-fastdebug.x86_64                                  1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                                   1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-headless-fastdebug.x86_64                         1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-headless-slowdebug.x86_64                         1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                                    1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                                1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                                      1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-jmods-fastdebug.x86_64                            1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-jmods-slowdebug.x86_64                            1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-portable.x86_64                                   1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-devel.x86_64                             1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-devel-fastdebug.x86_64                   1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-devel-slowdebug.x86_64                   1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-docs.x86_64                              1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-fastdebug.x86_64                         1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-misc.x86_64                              1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-slowdebug.x86_64                         1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-static-libs.x86_64                       1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64             1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64             1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-portable-unstripped.x86_64                        1:17.0.7.0.7-2.0.2.an8                                            PowerTools
java-17-openjdk-slowdebug.x86_64                                  1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-src.x86_64                                        1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-src-fastdebug.x86_64                              1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-src-slowdebug.x86_64                              1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                                1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64                      1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-17-openjdk-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64                      1:17.0.8.0.7-2.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
java-atk-wrapper.x86_64                                           0.33.2-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
java-atk-wrapper-doc.noarch                                       0.33.2-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
java-diff-utils.noarch                                            4.12-2.el8                                                        epel      
java-diff-utils-javadoc.noarch                                    4.12-2.el8                                                        epel      
java-diff-utils-parent.noarch                                     4.12-2.el8                                                        epel      
java-dirq.noarch                                                  1.8-9.el8                                                         epel      
java-dirq-javadoc.noarch                                          1.8-9.el8                                                         epel      
java-hdf.x86_64                                                   4.2.14-5.el8                                                      epel      
java-hdf5.x86_64                                                  1.10.5-4.el8                                                      epel      
java-kolabformat.x86_64                                           1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
java-latest-openjdk.x86_64                                        1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-demo.x86_64                                   1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-demo-fastdebug.x86_64                         1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-demo-slowdebug.x86_64                         1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-devel.x86_64                                  1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-devel-fastdebug.x86_64                        1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-devel-slowdebug.x86_64                        1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-fastdebug.x86_64                              1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-headless.x86_64                               1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-headless-fastdebug.x86_64                     1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-headless-slowdebug.x86_64                     1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                                1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                            1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                                  1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-jmods-fastdebug.x86_64                        1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-jmods-slowdebug.x86_64                        1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable.x86_64                               1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-devel.x86_64                         1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-devel-fastdebug.x86_64               1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-devel-slowdebug.x86_64               1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-fastdebug.x86_64                     1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-slowdebug.x86_64                     1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-sources.x86_64                       1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-static-libs.x86_64                   1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64         1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-portable-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64         1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-slowdebug.x86_64                              1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-src.x86_64                                    1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-src-fastdebug.x86_64                          1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-src-slowdebug.x86_64                          1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                            1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-static-libs-fastdebug.x86_64                  1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-latest-openjdk-static-libs-slowdebug.x86_64                  1:20.0.2.0.9-1.rolling.el8                                        epel      
java-runtime-decompiler.noarch                                    7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
java-runtime-decompiler-asmtools-plugin.noarch                    7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
java-runtime-decompiler-asmtools7-plugin.noarch                   7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
java-runtime-decompiler-cfr-plugin.noarch                         7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
java-runtime-decompiler-fernflower-plugin.noarch                  7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
java-runtime-decompiler-javadoc.noarch                            7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
java-runtime-decompiler-procyon-plugin.noarch                     7.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
javapackages-tools.noarch                                         5.3.0-1.module+an8.4.0+10468+3b8a3d18                             AppStream 
jaxb-api.noarch                                                   2.3.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
jbig2dec.x86_64                                                   0.19-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jbig2dec-doc.noarch                                               0.19-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jbigkit.x86_64                                                    2.1-14.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jbigkit-devel.x86_64                                              2.1-14.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
jbigkit-doc.noarch                                                2.1-14.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jboss-annotations-1.2-api.noarch                                  1.0.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
jboss-interceptors-1.2-api.noarch                                 1.0.0-8.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
jboss-jaxrs-2.0-api.noarch                                        1.0.0-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
jboss-logging.noarch                                              3.4.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
jboss-logging-tools.noarch                                        2.2.1-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
jcl-over-slf4j.noarch                                             1.7.25-4.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                            AppStream 
jcuber.noarch                                                     4.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
jcuber-doc.noarch                                                 4.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
jdeparser.noarch                                                  2.0.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
jemalloc.x86_64                                                   5.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
jemalloc-devel.x86_64                                             5.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
jetty-continuation.noarch                                         9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jetty-http.noarch                                                 9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jetty-io.noarch                                                   9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jetty-security.noarch                                             9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jetty-server.noarch                                               9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jetty-servlet.noarch                                              9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jetty-util.noarch                                                 9.4.30-2.v20200611.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                  AppStream 
jhead.x86_64                                                      3.06.0.1-5.el8                                                    epel      
jigawatts.x86_64                                                  1.21.0.0.0-3.0.2.an8                                              AppStream 
jigdo.x86_64                                                      0.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
jimtcl.x86_64                                                     0.77-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
jimtcl-devel.x86_64                                               0.77-6.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
jimtcl-doc.noarch                                                 0.77-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
jline.noarch                                                      2.14.6-2.module+an8.7.0+10956+cfc57550                            AppStream 
jmc.x86_64                                                        8.0.1-4.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                             AppStream 
jmc-core.noarch                                                   8.0.1-2.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                             AppStream 
jmc-core-javadoc.noarch                                           8.0.1-2.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                             AppStream 
jmtpfs.x86_64                                                     0.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
jna-doc.noarch                                                    5.6.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
jo.x86_64                                                         1.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
joe.x86_64                                                        4.6-6.el8                                                         epel      
jolokia-jvm-agent.noarch                                          1.6.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                                            0.003-24.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
jomolhari-fonts-doc.noarch                                        0.003-24.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
jose.x86_64                                                       10-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
journal-brief.noarch                                              1.1.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
jpeginfo.x86_64                                                   1.6.1-13.el8                                                      epel      
jpegoptim.x86_64                                                  1.4.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
jpegxl-doc.noarch                                                 0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
jq.x86_64                                                         1.6-14.an8                                                        AppStream 
jq-devel.x86_64                                                   1.6-14.an8                                                        AppStream 
js-d3-flame-graph.noarch                                          4.0.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
js-d3-flame-graph-doc.noarch                                      4.0.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
js-jquery.noarch                                                  3.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
js-jquery-mousewheel.noarch                                       3.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
js-jquery-ui.noarch                                               1.13.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
js-jquery-ui-touch-punch.noarch                                   0.2.3-0.10.20141219git4bc0091.el8                                 epel      
js-jsroot.noarch                                                  7.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
js-marked.noarch                                                  1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
js-uglify.noarch                                                  2.8.29-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
js-uglify3.noarch                                                 3.17.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
jsch.noarch                                                       0.1.54-12.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                           AppStream 
json-c-devel.x86_64                                               0.13.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
json-c-doc.noarch                                                 0.13.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
json-devel.x86_64                                                 3.6.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
json-glib.x86_64                                                  1.4.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
json-glib-devel.x86_64                                            1.4.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
json-glib-doc.noarch                                              1.4.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
json-table.x86_64                                                 4.3.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
json11.x86_64                                                     1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
json11-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
jsoncpp.x86_64                                                    1.8.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
jsoncpp-devel.x86_64                                              1.8.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
jsoncpp-doc.noarch                                                1.8.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
jsonnet.x86_64                                                    0.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
jsonnet-devel.x86_64                                              0.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
jsonnet-doc.noarch                                                0.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
jsonnet-libs.x86_64                                               0.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
jsoup.noarch                                                      1.11.3-3.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                            AppStream 
judy-fk.x86_64                                                    1.0.6-16.el8                                                      epel      
judy-fk-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.6-16.el8                                                      epel      
juk.x86_64                                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                                1:7.210-6.an8                                                     AppStream 
junit.noarch                                                      1:4.12-14.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                           AppStream 
junit5.noarch                                                     5.6.2-2.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
jupp.x86_64                                                       41-1.el8                                                          epel      
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                          0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
jxrlib.x86_64                                                     1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
jxrlib-devel.x86_64                                               1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
jzlib.noarch                                                      1.1.3-14.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
k3b.x86_64                                                        1:21.12.2-1.el8                                                   epel      
k3b-devel.x86_64                                                  1:21.12.2-1.el8                                                   epel      
k3b-libs.x86_64                                                   1:21.12.2-1.el8                                                   epel      
kBuild.x86_64                                                     0.1.9998.r3572-1.20221024.el8                                     epel      
kabi-dw.x86_64                                                    0-0.10.20200515gitb52ac13.0.1.an8                                 BaseOS    
kabi-dw-doc.noarch                                                0-0.10.20200515gitb52ac13.0.1.an8                                 PowerTools
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kaccounts-integration-devel.x86_64                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kacst-art-fonts.noarch                                            2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-book-fonts.noarch                                           2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-decorative-fonts.noarch                                     2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-digital-fonts.noarch                                        2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-farsi-fonts.noarch                                          2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-fonts-common.noarch                                         2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-letter-fonts.noarch                                         2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-naskh-fonts.noarch                                          2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-office-fonts.noarch                                         2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-one-fonts.noarch                                            2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-pen-fonts.noarch                                            2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-poster-fonts.noarch                                         2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-qurn-fonts.noarch                                           2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-screen-fonts.noarch                                         2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-title-fonts.noarch                                          2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kacst-titlel-fonts.noarch                                         2.0-27.an8                                                        AppStream 
kactivitymanagerd.x86_64                                          5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kaddressbook.x86_64                                               21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kaddressbook-devel.x86_64                                         21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kaddressbook-libs.x86_64                                          21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kakoune.x86_64                                                    2021.11.08-1.el8                                                  epel      
kalarm.x86_64                                                     21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kalgebra.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kamera.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kamoso.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kanagram.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kanjistrokeorders-fonts.noarch                                    3.001-11.el8                                                      epel      
kapman.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kapptemplate.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kate.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kate-plugins.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
katomic.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kbackup.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kbibtex.x86_64                                                    0.9.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
kbibtex-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
kbibtex-libs.x86_64                                               0.9.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
kblackbox.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kblocks.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kbounce.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kbruch.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kcachegrind.x86_64                                                22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kcachegrind-converters.x86_64                                     22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kcalc.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kcat.x86_64                                                       1.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kcharselect.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kcm-fcitx.x86_64                                                  0.5.5-7.el8                                                       epel      
kcm_systemd.x86_64                                                1.2.1-20.el8                                                      epel      
kcm_wacomtablet.x86_64                                            3.1.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
kcolorchooser.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kcolorpicker.x86_64                                               0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
kcolorpicker-devel.x86_64                                         0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
kcron.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdb.x86_64                                                        3.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
kdb-devel.x86_64                                                  3.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
kdb-driver-mysql.x86_64                                           3.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
kdb-driver-postgresql.x86_64                                      3.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                                              5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kde-connect.x86_64                                                22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kde-connect-libs.x86_64                                           22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kde-connect-nautilus.x86_64                                       22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kde-dev-scripts.noarch                                            22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kde-dev-utils.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kde-dev-utils-common.noarch                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kde-filesystem.x86_64                                             4-67.el8                                                          epel      
kde-gtk-config.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kde-partitionmanager.x86_64                                       3.3.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
kde-print-manager.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kde-print-manager-libs.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kde-settings.noarch                                               36.1-1.el8.1                                                      epel      
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                                        36.1-1.el8.1                                                      epel      
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                                    36.1-1.el8.1                                                      epel      
kdebugsettings.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdeconnectd.x86_64                                                22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kdecoration.x86_64                                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kdecoration-devel.x86_64                                          5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kdeedu-data.noarch                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdegraphics-mobipocket-devel.x86_64                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdenetwork-filesharing.x86_64                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdepim-addons.x86_64                                              21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdepim-runtime.x86_64                                             1:21.08.3-1.el8                                                   epel      
kdepim-runtime-libs.x86_64                                        1:21.08.3-1.el8                                                   epel      
kdeplasma-addons.x86_64                                           5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kdeplasma-addons-devel.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kdesdk-kioslaves.x86_64                                           22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdesdk-thumbnailers.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdesu.x86_64                                                      1:5.24.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
kdesvn.x86_64                                                     2.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
kdevelop.x86_64                                                   9:22.04.3-2.el8                                                   epel      
kdevelop-devel.x86_64                                             9:22.04.3-2.el8                                                   epel      
kdevelop-libs.x86_64                                              9:22.04.3-2.el8                                                   epel      
kdevelop-pg-qt.x86_64                                             2.2.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
kdevelop-pg-qt-devel.x86_64                                       2.2.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
kdf.x86_64                                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdiagram.x86_64                                                   2.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
kdiagram-devel.x86_64                                             2.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
kdialog.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdiamond.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdiff3.x86_64                                                     1.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
kdiskmark.x86_64                                                  3.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
kdnssd.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kdsoap.x86_64                                                     2.0.0-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
kdsoap-devel.x86_64                                               2.0.0-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
kdsoap-doc.noarch                                                 2.0.0-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                                       003-8.20220519gitffd365e.0.1.an8                                  AppStream 
kdump-anaconda-addon-doc.noarch                                   003-8.20220519gitffd365e.0.1.an8                                  PowerTools
kea.x86_64                                                        1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
kea-devel.x86_64                                                  1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
kea-hooks.x86_64                                                  1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
kea-libs.x86_64                                                   1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
keditbookmarks.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
keepalived.x86_64                                                 2.2.4-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
keepass.x86_64                                                    2.45-1.el8                                                        epel      
keepassxc.x86_64                                                  2.7.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
kernel.x86_64                                                     4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-abi-stablelists.noarch                                     4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-core.x86_64                                                4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-cross-headers.x86_64                                       4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-debug.x86_64                                               4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-debug-core.x86_64                                          4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                                         4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-debug-modules.x86_64                                       4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-debug-modules-extra.x86_64                                 4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                               4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-doc.noarch                                                 4.19.190-7.6.an8                                                  BaseOS    
kernel-modules.x86_64                                             4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                                       4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-rpm-macros.noarch                                          129-1.0.2.an8                                                     AppStream 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                               4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                                          4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
kernel-tools-libs-devel.x86_64                                    4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           AppStream 
kernelshark.x86_64                                                2.7-10.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
kexec-tools-doc.noarch                                            2.0.25-5.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
kexi.x86_64                                                       3.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
kexi-libs.x86_64                                                  3.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
keybinder3.x86_64                                                 0.3.2-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
keybinder3-devel.x86_64                                           0.3.2-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
keybinder3-doc.noarch                                             0.3.2-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
keychain.noarch                                                   2.8.5-8.el8                                                       epel      
keychecker.noarch                                                 1.0-13.el8                                                        epel      
keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch                              1.1-10.an8                                                        AppStream 
keyutils.x86_64                                                   1.5.10-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                                        1.5.10-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
kf5-akonadi-calendar.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-calendar-devel.x86_64                                 21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-contacts.x86_64                                       21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-contacts-devel.x86_64                                 21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-mime.x86_64                                           22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-mime-devel.x86_64                                     22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-notes.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-notes-devel.x86_64                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-search.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-search-devel.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-server.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-server-devel.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-akonadi-server-mysql.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-attica.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-attica-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-audiocd-kio.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-audiocd-kio-devel.x86_64                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-audiocd-kio-doc.noarch                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-baloo.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-baloo-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-baloo-file.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-baloo-libs.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-bluez-qt.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-bluez-qt-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-calendarsupport.x86_64                                        21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-calendarsupport-devel.x86_64                                  21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-eventviews.x86_64                                             21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-eventviews-devel.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-frameworkintegration-devel.x86_64                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-gpgmepp.x86_64                                                16.08.3-13.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-gpgmepp-devel.x86_64                                          16.08.3-13.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-grantleetheme.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-grantleetheme-devel.x86_64                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-incidenceeditor.x86_64                                        21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-incidenceeditor-devel.x86_64                                  21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kactivities-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kactivities-stats-devel.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kalarmcal.x86_64                                              21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kalarmcal-devel.x86_64                                        21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kapidox.noarch                                                5.96.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-karchive.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-karchive-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kauth-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kblog.x86_64                                                  20.04.3-5.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kblog-devel.x86_64                                            20.04.3-5.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kbookmarks-devel.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcalendarcore.x86_64                                          1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kcalendarcore-devel.x86_64                                    1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kcalendarutils.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kcalendarutils-devel.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcmutils-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcodecs-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcompletion-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kconfig.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kconfig-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kconfigwidgets-devel.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcontacts.x86_64                                              1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kcontacts-devel.x86_64                                        1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcoreaddons-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kcrash-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdav.x86_64                                                   1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kdav-devel.x86_64                                             1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdbusaddons-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdeclarative-devel.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kded.x86_64                                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kded-devel.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdelibs4support.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdelibs4support-devel.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdelibs4support-doc.noarch                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdelibs4support-libs.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdesignerplugin.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdesu.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdesu-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdewebkit.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdewebkit-devel.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdgantt2.x86_64                                               16.08.3-9.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kdgantt2-devel.x86_64                                         16.08.3-9.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdnssd-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kdoctools-devel.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kemoticons.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kemoticons-devel.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kfilemetadata.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kfilemetadata-devel.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kglobalaccel-devel.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kguiaddons-devel.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kholidays.x86_64                                              1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-kholidays-devel.x86_64                                        1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-khtml-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ki18n-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kiconthemes-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kidentitymanagement.x86_64                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kidentitymanagement-devel.x86_64                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kidletime.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kidletime-devel.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kimageformats.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kimap.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kimap-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kinit-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio.x86_64                                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-devel.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kipi-plugins.x86_64                                           22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kipi-plugins-libs.x86_64                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kirigami.x86_64                                               1.1.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kirigami-devel.x86_64                                         1.1.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kirigami2-addons.x86_64                                       21.05-4.el8                                                       epel      
kf5-kirigami2-addons-dateandtime.x86_64                           21.05-4.el8                                                       epel      
kf5-kirigami2-addons-treeview.x86_64                              21.05-4.el8                                                       epel      
kf5-kirigami2-devel.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kitemmodels.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kitemmodels-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kitemviews-devel.x86_64                                       5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kitinerary.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kitinerary-devel.x86_64                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kjobwidgets-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kjs-devel.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kjsembed.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kjsembed-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kldap.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kldap-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmailtransport.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmailtransport-akonadi.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmailtransport-devel.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmbox.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmbox-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmediaplayer.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kmediaplayer-devel.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kmime.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kmime-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-knewstuff-devel.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-knotifications-devel.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-knotifyconfig.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-knotifyconfig-devel.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kontactinterface.x86_64                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kontactinterface-devel.x86_64                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kpackage-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kparts-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kpeople.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kpeople-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kpimtextedit.x86_64                                           22.04.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kpimtextedit-devel.x86_64                                     22.04.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kpkpass.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kpkpass-devel.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kplotting.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kplotting-devel.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kpty-devel.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kquickcharts.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kquickcharts-devel.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kross.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kross-core.x86_64                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kross-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kross-python2.x86_64                                          21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kross-ruby.x86_64                                             21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kross-ui.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-krunner.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-krunner-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kservice.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kservice-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ksmtp.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-ksmtp-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-ktexteditor.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ktexteditor-devel.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ktextwidgets-devel.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-ktnef.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-ktnef-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-kunitconversion.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kunitconversion-devel.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwallet-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                                               5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwayland-devel.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwidgetsaddons-devel.x86_64                                   5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kwindowsystem-devel.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kxmlgui-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kxmlrpcclient.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-kxmlrpcclient-devel.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-libgravatar.x86_64                                            21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libgravatar-devel.x86_64                                      21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkcddb.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkcddb-devel.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkcddb-doc.noarch                                           22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkcompactdisc.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkcompactdisc-devel.x86_64                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkdcraw.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkdcraw-devel.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkdepim.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkdepim-devel.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkexiv2-devel.x86_64                                        22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkgeomap.x86_64                                             20.08.3-5.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkgeomap-devel.x86_64                                       20.08.3-5.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkipi.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkipi-devel.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkleo.x86_64                                                21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libkleo-devel.x86_64                                          21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libksane.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libksane-devel.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libksieve.x86_64                                              21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libksieve-devel.x86_64                                        21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libktorrent.x86_64                                            21.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-libktorrent-devel.x86_64                                      21.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-mailcommon.x86_64                                             21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-mailcommon-devel.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-mailimporter.x86_64                                           21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-mailimporter-akonadi.x86_64                                   21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-mailimporter-devel.x86_64                                     21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-messagelib.x86_64                                             21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-messagelib-devel.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                                        5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-modemmanager-qt-devel.x86_64                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-networkmanager-qt.x86_64                                      5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-networkmanager-qt-devel.x86_64                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-pimcommon.x86_64                                              21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-pimcommon-akonadi.x86_64                                      21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-pimcommon-devel.x86_64                                        21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kf5-plasma.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-plasma-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-prison.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-prison-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-purpose.x86_64                                                5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-purpose-devel.x86_64                                          5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-rpm-macros.noarch                                             5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-solid.x86_64                                                  5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-solid-devel.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-sonnet.x86_64                                                 5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                                            5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-sonnet-devel.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-syndication.x86_64                                            1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-syndication-devel.x86_64                                      1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                                    5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-syntax-highlighting-devel.x86_64                              5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                                           5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kf5-threadweaver-devel.x86_64                                     5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kfc.x86_64                                                        0.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
kfind.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kfloppy.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kfourinline.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kgeography.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kgoldrunner.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kgpg.x86_64                                                       21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
khangman.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
khelpcenter.x86_64                                                1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                                         5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-battambang-fonts.noarch                                   5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-bokor-fonts.noarch                                        5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                                       5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-handwritten-fonts.noarch                                  5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-metal-chrieng-fonts.noarch                                5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-muol-fonts.noarch                                         5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khmeros-siemreap-fonts.noarch                                     5.0-25.el8                                                        AppStream 
khotkeys.x86_64                                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
khotkeys-devel.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kig.x86_64                                                        21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kigo.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kile.x86_64                                                       2.9.93-7.el8                                                      epel      
killbots.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kim-api.x86_64                                                    2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kim-api-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kim-api-examples.x86_64                                           2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kimageannotator.x86_64                                            0.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kimageannotator-devel.x86_64                                      0.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kinfocenter.x86_64                                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kio-extras.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8.1                                                   epel      
kio-extras-devel.x86_64                                           22.04.1-1.el8.1                                                   epel      
kio-extras-info.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8.1                                                   epel      
kirc.x86_64                                                       0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kiriki.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kiten.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kiten-devel.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kiten-libs.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kitty.x86_64                                                      0.26.5-9.el8                                                      epel      
kitty-bash-integration.noarch                                     0.26.5-9.el8                                                      epel      
kitty-doc.x86_64                                                  0.26.5-9.el8                                                      epel      
kitty-fish-integration.noarch                                     0.26.5-9.el8                                                      epel      
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                             0.26.5-9.el8                                                      epel      
kiwi-boxed-plugin.noarch                                          0.2.23-1.el8                                                      epel      
kiwi-pxeboot.x86_64                                               9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
kiwi-systemdeps-image-validation.x86_64                           9.25.16-1.el8                                                     epel      
kjumpingcube.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
klavaro.x86_64                                                    3.14-2.el8                                                        epel      
kleopatra.x86_64                                                  21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
kleopatra-libs.x86_64                                             21.12.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
klettres.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
klickety.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
klines.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmag.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmahjongg.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmail.x86_64                                                      21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmail-account-wizard.x86_64                                       21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmail-libs.x86_64                                                 21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmenuedit.x86_64                                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kmines.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmix.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmod-devel.x86_64                                                 25-19.0.2.an8                                                     AppStream 
kmod-doc.noarch                                                   25-19.0.2.an8                                                     PowerTools
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                                                  6.2.8.7-88.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
kmodtool.noarch                                                   1-37.el8                                                          epel      
kmousetool.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmouth.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kmplot.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
knavalbattle.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
knetwalk.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
knock.x86_64                                                      0.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
knock-server.x86_64                                               0.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
knot.x86_64                                                       3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-devel.x86_64                                                 3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-dnssecutils.x86_64                                           3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-doc.noarch                                                   3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-libs.x86_64                                                  3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-module-dnstap.x86_64                                         3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-module-geoip.x86_64                                          3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knot-resolver.x86_64                                              5.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
knot-resolver-devel.x86_64                                        5.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
knot-resolver-module-dnstap.x86_64                                5.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
knot-resolver-module-http.x86_64                                  5.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
knot-utils.x86_64                                                 3.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
knotes.x86_64                                                     21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
knotes-libs.x86_64                                                21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
koan.noarch                                                       3.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
kobo-admin.noarch                                                 0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji.noarch                                                       1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-builder.noarch                                               1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-builder-plugins.noarch                                       1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-hub.noarch                                                   1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-hub-plugins.noarch                                           1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-osbuild.noarch                                               11-1.el8                                                          epel      
koji-osbuild-builder.noarch                                       11-1.el8                                                          epel      
koji-osbuild-cli.noarch                                           11-1.el8                                                          epel      
koji-osbuild-hub.noarch                                           11-1.el8                                                          epel      
koji-utils.noarch                                                 1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-vm.noarch                                                    1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
koji-web.noarch                                                   1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
kokkos.x86_64                                                     3.0.00-2.el8                                                      epel      
kokkos-devel.x86_64                                               3.0.00-2.el8                                                      epel      
kolf.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kollision.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kolourpaint.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kolourpaint-libs.x86_64                                           22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kompare.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kompare-devel.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kompare-libs.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
konqueror.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
konqueror-devel.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
konqueror-libs.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
konquest.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
konsole5.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
konsole5-part.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kontact.x86_64                                                    21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kontact-libs.x86_64                                               21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
konversation.x86_64                                               22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
korganizer.x86_64                                                 21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
korganizer-libs.x86_64                                            21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
kpartloader.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kpatch.noarch                                                     0.9.7-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
kpatch-dnf.noarch                                                 0.9.7_0.4-2.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
kpcli.noarch                                                      3.6-2.el8                                                         epel      
kpmcore.x86_64                                                    3.3.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
kpmcore-devel.x86_64                                              3.3.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
kproperty.x86_64                                                  3.2.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
kproperty-devel.x86_64                                            3.2.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
kqtquickcharts.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
krb5-devel.x86_64                                                 1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
krb5-doc.noarch                                                   1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                                1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
krb5-server.x86_64                                                1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
krb5-server-ldap.x86_64                                           1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
krb5-workstation.x86_64                                           1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
krdc.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
krdc-devel.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
krdc-libs.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kreport.x86_64                                                    3.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
kreport-devel.x86_64                                              3.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
kreversi.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
krfb.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
krfb-libs.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kronosnet-tests.x86_64                                            1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
kruler.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
krusader.x86_64                                                   2.7.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
ks-install.noarch                                                 0-0.4.20230507git72db781.el8                                      epel      
ksc.noarch                                                        1.9-2.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
kscreen.x86_64                                                    1:5.24.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
kscreenlocker.x86_64                                              5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kscreenlocker-devel.x86_64                                        5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
ksh.x86_64                                                        20120801-257.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
ksh-doc.noarch                                                    20120801-257.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
kshisen.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksirk.x86_64                                                      21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksnakeduel.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksnip.x86_64                                                      1.10.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
kspaceduel.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksquares.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksshaskpass.x86_64                                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kstart.x86_64                                                     4.2-10.el8                                                        epel      
ksudoku.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksysguard.x86_64                                                  5.22.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
ksysguardd.x86_64                                                 5.22.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
ksystemlog.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ksystemstats.x86_64                                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kteatime.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ktimer.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ktorrent.x86_64                                                   21.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ktorrent-libs.x86_64                                              21.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ktouch.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ktuberling.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kturtle.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kubrick.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kuiviewer.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kurdit-unikurd-web-fonts.noarch                                   20020502-19.el8                                                   AppStream 
kuserfeedback.x86_64                                              1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
kuserfeedback-console.x86_64                                      1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
kuserfeedback-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
kwalletcli.x86_64                                                 3.03-1.el8                                                        epel      
kwalletmanager5.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kwayland-integration.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwayland-server.x86_64                                            5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwayland-server-devel.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwebenginepart.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kwebkitpart.x86_64                                                1.4.0-0.11.20190110.el8                                           epel      
kwin.x86_64                                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwin-common.x86_64                                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwin-devel.x86_64                                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwin-doc.noarch                                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwin-libs.x86_64                                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwin-wayland.x86_64                                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwin-x11.x86_64                                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kwordquiz.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kwrite.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
kwrited.x86_64                                                    5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
kyotocabinet.x86_64                                               1.2.76-17.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
kyotocabinet-doc.noarch                                           1.2.76-17.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                                          1.2.76-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
ladspa.x86_64                                                     1.13-20.el8                                                       AppStream 
ladspa-autotalent-plugins.x86_64                                  0.2-39.el8                                                        epel      
ladspa-devel.x86_64                                               1.13-20.el8                                                       AppStream 
lagrange.x86_64                                                   1.16.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
lame.x86_64                                                       3.100-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
lame-devel.x86_64                                                 3.100-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lame-doc.noarch                                                   3.100-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
lame-libs.x86_64                                                  3.100-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lammps.x86_64                                                     20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-data.noarch                                                20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-devel.x86_64                                               20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-headers.x86_64                                             20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-mpich.x86_64                                               20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-mpich-devel.x86_64                                         20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-openmpi.x86_64                                             20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
lammps-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                       20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
langpacks-af.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-am.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ar.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-as.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ast.noarch                                              3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-be.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-bg.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-bn.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-br.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-bs.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ca.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-af.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-am.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ar.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-as.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ast.noarch                                         3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-be.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-bg.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-bn.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-br.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-bs.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ca.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-cs.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-cy.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-da.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-de.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-el.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-en_GB.noarch                                       3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-es.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-et.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-eu.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-fa.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-fi.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-af.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-am.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ar.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-as.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ast.noarch                                    3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-be.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-bg.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-bn.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-br.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-bs.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ca.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-cs.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-cy.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-da.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-de.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-el.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-es.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-et.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-eu.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-fa.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-fi.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-fr.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ga.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-gl.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-gu.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-he.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-hi.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-hr.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-hu.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ia.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-id.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-is.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-it.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ja.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-kk.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-kn.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ko.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-lt.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-lv.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-mai.noarch                                    3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-mk.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ml.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-mr.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ms.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-nb.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ne.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-nl.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-nn.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-nr.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-nso.noarch                                    3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-or.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-pa.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-pl.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-pt.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ro.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ru.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-si.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-sk.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-sl.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-sq.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-sr.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ss.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-sv.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ta.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-te.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-th.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-tn.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-tr.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ts.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-uk.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ur.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-ve.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-vi.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-xh.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-zh_CN.noarch                                  3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-zh_TW.noarch                                  3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-font-zu.noarch                                     3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-fr.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ga.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-gl.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-gu.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-he.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-hi.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-hr.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-hu.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ia.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-id.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-is.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-it.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ja.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-kk.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-kn.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ko.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-lt.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-lv.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-mai.noarch                                         3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-mk.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ml.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-mr.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ms.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-nb.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ne.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-nl.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-nn.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-nr.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-nso.noarch                                         3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-or.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-pa.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-pl.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-pt.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-pt_BR.noarch                                       3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ro.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ru.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-si.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-sk.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-sl.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-sq.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-sr.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ss.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-sv.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ta.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-te.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-th.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-tn.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-tr.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ts.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-uk.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ur.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-ve.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-vi.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-xh.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-zh_CN.noarch                                       3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-zh_TW.noarch                                       3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-core-zu.noarch                                          3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-cs.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-cy.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-da.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-de.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-el.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                                            3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-es.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-et.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-eu.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-fa.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-fi.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-fr.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ga.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-gl.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-gu.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-he.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-hi.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-hr.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-hu.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ia.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-id.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-is.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-it.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ja.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-kk.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-kn.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ko.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-lt.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-lv.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-mai.noarch                                              3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-mk.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ml.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-mr.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ms.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-nb.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ne.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-nl.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-nn.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-nr.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-nso.noarch                                              3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-or.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-pa.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-pl.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-pt.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-pt_BR.noarch                                            3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ro.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ru.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-si.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-sk.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-sl.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-sq.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-sr.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ss.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-sv.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ta.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-te.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-th.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-tn.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-tr.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ts.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-uk.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ur.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-ve.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-vi.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-xh.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-zh_CN.noarch                                            3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-zh_TW.noarch                                            3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langpacks-zu.noarch                                               3.0-16.an8                                                        AppStream 
langtable.noarch                                                  0.0.51-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lapack.x86_64                                                     3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lapack-devel.x86_64                                               3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lapack-doc.noarch                                                 3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
lapack-static.x86_64                                              3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lapack64.x86_64                                                   3.8.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lasi.x86_64                                                       1.1.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
lasi-devel.x86_64                                                 1.1.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
lasi-doc.noarch                                                   1.1.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
lasso.x86_64                                                      2.6.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lasso-devel.x86_64                                                2.6.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lasso-doc.noarch                                                  2.6.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lastpass-cli.x86_64                                               1.3.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
laszip.x86_64                                                     3.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
laszip-devel.x86_64                                               3.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
latex2html.noarch                                                 2018.2-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
latex2rtf.x86_64                                                  2.3.18-4.el8                                                      epel      
latexmk.noarch                                                    4.65-1.el8                                                        epel      
lato-fonts.noarch                                                 2.015-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lato-fonts-doc.noarch                                             2.015-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
layer-shell-qt.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
layer-shell-qt-devel.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
lazarus.x86_64                                                    2.0.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
lbd.noarch                                                        0.4-8.el8                                                         epel      
lbzip2.x86_64                                                     2.5-15.20171011gitb6dc48a.el8                                     epel      
lcg-infosites.noarch                                              3.1.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
lcms2-devel.x86_64                                                2.9-2.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
lcms2-doc.noarch                                                  2.9-2.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
lcov.noarch                                                       1.14-6.el8                                                        epel      
ldapdomaindump.noarch                                             0.9.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
ldapvi.x86_64                                                     1.7-35.el8                                                        epel      
ldb-tools.x86_64                                                  2.6.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
ldc.x86_64                                                        1:1.30.0-3.el8                                                    epel      
ldc-libs.x86_64                                                   1:1.30.0-3.el8                                                    epel      
ldc-phobos-geany-tags.noarch                                      1:1.30.0-3.el8                                                    epel      
ldeep.noarch                                                      1.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
ldns.x86_64                                                       1.7.0-21.el8                                                      AppStream 
ldns-devel.x86_64                                                 1.7.0-21.el8                                                      AppStream 
ldns-doc.noarch                                                   1.7.0-21.el8                                                      PowerTools
leatherman.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
leatherman-devel.x86_64                                           1.6.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
ledmon.x86_64                                                     0.96-3.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
ledmon-doc.noarch                                                 0.96-3.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
lei.noarch                                                        1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
lemon.x86_64                                                      3.26.0-18.an8                                                     AppStream 
lensfun.x86_64                                                    0.3.2-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
lensfun-devel.x86_64                                              0.3.2-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
leptonica.x86_64                                                  1.76.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
leptonica-devel.x86_64                                            1.76.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
leptonica-doc.noarch                                              1.76.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
less-doc.noarch                                                   530-1.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
leveldb.x86_64                                                    1.22-1.el8                                                        epel      
leveldb-devel.x86_64                                              1.22-1.el8                                                        epel      
levmar.x86_64                                                     2.6-3.el8                                                         epel      
levmar-devel.x86_64                                               2.6-3.el8                                                         epel      
lexertl14-devel.x86_64                                            0.1.0-18.20230904git86c90c3.el8                                   epel      
lexertl14-examples.noarch                                         0.1.0-18.20230904git86c90c3.el8                                   epel      
lftp.x86_64                                                       4.9.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
lftp-scripts.noarch                                               4.9.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
lhapdf.x86_64                                                     6.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
lhapdf-devel.x86_64                                               6.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
lhapdf-doc.noarch                                                 6.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
lib3270.x86_64                                                    5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
lib3270-devel.x86_64                                              5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
lib3270-doc.noarch                                                5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
libAfterImage.x86_64                                              1.20-22.el8                                                       epel      
libAfterImage-apps.x86_64                                         1.20-22.el8                                                       epel      
libAfterImage-devel.x86_64                                        1.20-22.el8                                                       epel      
libEMF.x86_64                                                     1.0.9-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
libEMF-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.9-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
libFAudio.x86_64                                                  21.11-1.el8                                                       epel      
libFAudio-devel.x86_64                                            21.11-1.el8                                                       epel      
libGLEW.x86_64                                                    2.0.0-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
libHX.x86_64                                                      3.22-12.el8                                                       epel      
libHX-devel.x86_64                                                3.22-12.el8                                                       epel      
libICE-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.10-8.an8                                                      AppStream 
libIDL.x86_64                                                     0.8.14-15.el8                                                     AppStream 
libIDL-devel.x86_64                                               0.8.14-15.el8                                                     AppStream 
libNX_X11.x86_64                                                  3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
libNX_X11-devel.x86_64                                            3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
libQGLViewer-doc.noarch                                           2.6.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
libQGLViewer-qt5.x86_64                                           2.6.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
libQGLViewer-qt5-devel.x86_64                                     2.6.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
libRmath.x86_64                                                   4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libRmath-devel.x86_64                                             4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libRmath-static.x86_64                                            4.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libSM-devel.x86_64                                                1.2.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libSM-doc.noarch                                                  1.2.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libX11-devel.x86_64                                               1.7.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                                 1.7.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXNVCtrl.x86_64                                                 352.21-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
libXNVCtrl-devel.x86_64                                           352.21-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                              1.2.3-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.3-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXau-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.9-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXaw-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.13-10.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libXaw-doc.noarch                                                 1.0.13-10.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libXcomp.x86_64                                                   3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
libXcomp-devel.x86_64                                             3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                                        0.4.5-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXcompshad.x86_64                                               3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
libXcompshad-devel.x86_64                                         3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                                           1.2.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.5-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXdmcp.x86_64                                                   1.1.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXdmcp-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXext-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.4-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                                            5.0.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libXfixes-doc.noarch                                              5.0.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libXfont2.x86_64                                                  2.0.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libXfont2-devel.x86_64                                            2.0.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libXfont2-doc.noarch                                              2.0.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libXft-devel.x86_64                                               2.3.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXi-devel.x86_64                                                1.7.10-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                                          1.1.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libXinerama-doc.noarch                                            1.1.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                               1.1.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXp.x86_64                                                      1.0.3-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXp-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.3-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                               3.5.13-8.an8                                                      AppStream 
libXpresent.x86_64                                                1.0.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libXpresent-devel.x86_64                                          1.0.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                                            1.5.2-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXrender-devel.x86_64                                           0.9.10-7.el8                                                      AppStream 
libXres.x86_64                                                    1.2.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXres-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXt-devel.x86_64                                                1.2.0-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXtst.x86_64                                                    1.2.3-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.3-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXv.x86_64                                                      1.0.11-7.el8                                                      AppStream 
libXv-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.11-7.el8                                                      AppStream 
libXvMC.x86_64                                                    1.0.12-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libXvMC-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.12-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                                1.1.5-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                                          1.1.5-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libXxf86misc.x86_64                                               1.0.4-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXxf86misc-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.4-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                                 1.1.4-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.4-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
liba52.x86_64                                                     0.7.4-42.an8                                                      AppStream 
libabigail.x86_64                                                 2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
libabigail-devel.x86_64                                           2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
libabigail-doc.x86_64                                             2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
libabw.x86_64                                                     0.1.3-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libabw-doc.noarch                                                 0.1.3-7.an8                                                       PowerTools
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                                           1.25-8.el8                                                        epel      
libaccounts-glib-devel.x86_64                                     1.25-8.el8                                                        epel      
libaccounts-glib-docs.noarch                                      1.25-8.el8                                                        epel      
libaccounts-qt-doc.noarch                                         1.16-5.el8                                                        epel      
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                                            1.16-5.el8                                                        epel      
libaccounts-qt5-devel.x86_64                                      1.16-5.el8                                                        epel      
libacl-devel.x86_64                                               2.2.53-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                             1.4.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libaec.x86_64                                                     1.0.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libaec-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libaesgm.x86_64                                                   20090429-24.el8                                                   epel      
libaesgm-devel.x86_64                                             20090429-24.el8                                                   epel      
libaiff.x86_64                                                    6.0-2.el8                                                         epel      
libaiff-devel.x86_64                                              6.0-2.el8                                                         epel      
libaio-devel.x86_64                                               0.3.112-1.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
libaio-doc.noarch                                                 0.3.112-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libao.x86_64                                                      1.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libao-devel.x86_64                                                1.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libao-doc.noarch                                                  1.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libaom.x86_64                                                     3.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libaom-devel.x86_64                                               3.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                       12.10.0-19.el8                                                    AppStream 
libappindicator-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                 12.10.0-19.el8                                                    AppStream 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                                          0.7.18-4.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libappstream-glib-devel.x86_64                                    0.7.18-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libapreq2.x86_64                                                  2.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
libapreq2-devel.x86_64                                            2.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
libapreq2-libs.x86_64                                             2.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
libarchive-devel.x86_64                                           3.5.3-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libargon2.x86_64                                                  20171227-3.el8                                                    epel      
libargon2-devel.x86_64                                            20171227-3.el8                                                    epel      
libarrow.x86_64                                                   8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-dataset-devel.x86_64                                     8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-dataset-glib-devel.x86_64                                8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-dataset-glib-doc.x86_64                                  8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-dataset-glib-libs.x86_64                                 8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-dataset-libs.x86_64                                      8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-devel.x86_64                                             8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-doc.noarch                                               8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-glib-devel.x86_64                                        8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-glib-doc.x86_64                                          8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-glib-libs.x86_64                                         8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-python-devel.x86_64                                      8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libarrow-python-libs.x86_64                                       8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libart_lgpl.x86_64                                                2.3.21-21.el8                                                     epel      
libart_lgpl-devel.x86_64                                          2.3.21-21.el8                                                     epel      
libasan6.x86_64                                                   11.2.1-9.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libasan8.x86_64                                                   12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libasr.x86_64                                                     1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libasr-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libass.x86_64                                                     0.17.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libass-devel.x86_64                                               0.17.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libassuan-devel.x86_64                                            2.5.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libassuan-doc.noarch                                              2.5.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libasyncns.x86_64                                                 0.8-14.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libasyncns-devel.x86_64                                           0.8-14.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libasyncns-doc.noarch                                             0.8-14.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libatasmart.x86_64                                                0.19-14.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libatasmart-devel.x86_64                                          0.19-14.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libatasmart-doc.noarch                                            0.19-14.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libatomic-static.x86_64                                           8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libatomic_ops.x86_64                                              7.6.2-3.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libatomic_ops-devel.x86_64                                        7.6.2-3.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libatomic_ops-doc.noarch                                          7.6.2-3.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
libattr-devel.x86_64                                              2.4.48-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libavc1394.x86_64                                                 0.5.4-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libavc1394-doc.noarch                                             0.5.4-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libavif.x86_64                                                    0.10.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
libavif-devel.x86_64                                              0.10.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
libavif-tools.x86_64                                              0.10.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
libavtp.x86_64                                                    0.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
libavtp-devel.x86_64                                              0.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
libb2.x86_64                                                      0.98.1-6.el8                                                      epel      
libb2-devel.x86_64                                                0.98.1-6.el8                                                      epel      
libb64-devel.x86_64                                               1.2-6.el8                                                         epel      
libb64-tools.x86_64                                               1.2-6.el8                                                         epel      
libbabeltrace-devel.x86_64                                        1.5.8-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
libbase.noarch                                                    1.1.3-18.el8                                                      AppStream 
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                            0.1.1-40.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libbasicobjects-devel.x86_64                                      0.1.1-40.an8                                                      AppStream 
libbgpdump.x86_64                                                 1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libbgpdump-devel.x86_64                                           1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libbinio.x86_64                                                   1.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
libbinio-devel.x86_64                                             1.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
libbinpac.x86_64                                                  4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                             2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
libblockdev.x86_64                                                2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                                         2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-crypto-devel.x86_64                                   2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-devel.x86_64                                          2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                             2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                             2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-fs-devel.x86_64                                       2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                                            2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                                           2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-loop-devel.x86_64                                     2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                                            2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                                       2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-lvm-devel.x86_64                                      2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                                         2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-mdraid-devel.x86_64                                   2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                                          2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                                         2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-part.x86_64                                           2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-part-devel.x86_64                                     2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                                    2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                                           2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-swap-devel.x86_64                                     2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                                          2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-utils-devel.x86_64                                    2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-vdo.x86_64                                            2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblockdev-vdo-devel.x86_64                                      2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libblocksruntime.x86_64                                           7.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libblocksruntime-devel.x86_64                                     7.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libblocksruntime-static.x86_64                                    7.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libbluray.x86_64                                                  1.0.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libbpf-devel.x86_64                                               0.5.0-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libbpf-static.x86_64                                              0.5.0-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libbraiding.x86_64                                                1.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
libbraiding-devel.x86_64                                          1.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
libbroker.x86_64                                                  4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libbroker-devel.x86_64                                            4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libbs2b.x86_64                                                    3.1.0-23.el8                                                      epel      
libbs2b-devel.x86_64                                              3.1.0-23.el8                                                      epel      
libbsd.x86_64                                                     0.11.7-2.el8                                                      epel      
libbsd-ctor-static.x86_64                                         0.11.7-2.el8                                                      epel      
libbsd-devel.x86_64                                               0.11.7-2.el8                                                      epel      
libbson.x86_64                                                    1.24.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libbson-devel.x86_64                                              1.24.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libburn-devel.x86_64                                              1.5.4-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libburn-doc.noarch                                                1.5.4-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libburn1.x86_64                                                   1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libburn1-devel.x86_64                                             1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libburn1-doc.noarch                                               1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libbytesize.x86_64                                                2.5-3.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libbytesize-devel.x86_64                                          2.5-3.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libbytesize-doc.noarch                                            2.5-3.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
libc-client.x86_64                                                2007f-24.el8                                                      epel      
libcaca.x86_64                                                    0.99-0.59.beta20.el8                                              epel      
libcaca-devel.x86_64                                              0.99-0.59.beta20.el8                                              epel      
libcacard.x86_64                                                  3:2.8.0-6.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
libcacard-devel.x86_64                                            3:2.8.0-6.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
libcacard-doc.noarch                                              3:2.8.0-6.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
libcanberra.x86_64                                                0.30-18.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcanberra-devel.x86_64                                          0.30-18.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                                           0.30-18.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                                           0.30-18.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcap-devel.x86_64                                               2.48-5.an8                                                        BaseOS    
libcap-ng-devel.x86_64                                            0.7.11-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                                          0.7.11-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libcap-ng-utils.x86_64                                            0.7.11-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libcbor.x86_64                                                    0.7.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
libcbor-devel.x86_64                                              0.7.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
libccd.x86_64                                                     2.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
libccd-devel.x86_64                                               2.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
libcddb.x86_64                                                    1.3.2-30.el8                                                      epel      
libcddb-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.2-30.el8                                                      epel      
libcdio.x86_64                                                    2.1.0-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcdio-devel.x86_64                                              2.1.0-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                                           10.2+2.0.1-6.0.3.an8                                              AppStream 
libcdio-paranoia-devel.x86_64                                     10.2+2.0.1-6.0.3.an8                                              AppStream 
libcdio-paranoia-doc.noarch                                       10.2+2.0.1-6.0.3.an8                                              PowerTools
libcdr.x86_64                                                     0.1.7-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libcdr-doc.noarch                                                 0.1.7-3.an8                                                       PowerTools
libcdson.x86_64                                                   1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
libcdson-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
libcec.x86_64                                                     6.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
libcec-devel.x86_64                                               6.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
libcephfs-devel.x86_64                                            1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libcephfs2.x86_64                                                 1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libcgroup.x86_64                                                  0.41-19.el8                                                       BaseOS    
libcgroup-pam.x86_64                                              0.41-19.el8                                                       BaseOS    
libcgroup-tools.x86_64                                            0.41-19.el8                                                       BaseOS    
libchamplain.x86_64                                               0.12.16-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
libchamplain-devel.x86_64                                         0.12.16-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
libchamplain-gtk.x86_64                                           0.12.16-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
libchewing.x86_64                                                 0.5.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
libchewing-devel.x86_64                                           0.5.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
libchromaprint.x86_64                                             1.4.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
libchromaprint-devel.x86_64                                       1.4.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
libcli.x86_64                                                     1.10.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libcli-devel.x86_64                                               1.10.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libcloudproviders.x86_64                                          0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libcmis.x86_64                                                    0.5.2-12.an8                                                      AppStream 
libcmocka.x86_64                                                  1.1.5-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libcmocka-devel.x86_64                                            1.1.5-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.x86_64                                            2.0.3-15.el8                                                      AppStream 
libcob.x86_64                                                     3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
libcollectdclient.x86_64                                          5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
libcollectdclient-devel.x86_64                                    5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
libcollection.x86_64                                              0.7.0-40.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libcollection-devel.x86_64                                        0.7.0-40.an8                                                      AppStream 
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                                           1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libcomps-devel.x86_64                                             0.1.18-1.an8                                                      PowerTools
libcomps-doc.noarch                                               0.1.18-1.an8                                                      PowerTools
libconfig.x86_64                                                  1.5-9.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libconfig-devel.x86_64                                            1.5-9.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libconfig-doc.noarch                                              1.5-9.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
libconfuse.x86_64                                                 3.3-7.el8                                                         epel      
libconfuse-devel.x86_64                                           3.3-7.el8                                                         epel      
libcorrect.x86_64                                                 0-8.20181010gitf5a28c7.el8                                        epel      
libcorrect-devel.x86_64                                           0-8.20181010gitf5a28c7.el8                                        epel      
libcroco-devel.x86_64                                             0.6.12-4.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
libcroco-doc.noarch                                               0.6.12-4.0.1.an8.1                                                PowerTools
libcryptui.x86_64                                                 3.12.2-24.el8                                                     epel      
libcryptui-devel.x86_64                                           3.12.2-24.el8                                                     epel      
libcrystalhd.x86_64                                               3.10.0-22.el8                                                     epel      
libcrystalhd-devel.x86_64                                         3.10.0-22.el8                                                     epel      
libcsv.x86_64                                                     3.0.3^20210820gitb1d5212-1.el8                                    epel      
libcsv-devel.x86_64                                               3.0.3^20210820gitb1d5212-1.el8                                    epel      
libcue.x86_64                                                     2.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
libcue-devel.x86_64                                               2.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
libcurl.x86_64                                                    7.61.1-31.0.3.an8.2                                               BaseOS    
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                              7.61.1-31.0.3.an8.2                                               BaseOS    
libcutl.x86_64                                                    1.10.0-17.el8                                                     epel      
libcutl-devel.x86_64                                              1.10.0-17.el8                                                     epel      
libdaemon.x86_64                                                  0.14-15.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libdaemon-devel.x86_64                                            0.14-15.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libdaemon-doc.noarch                                              0.14-15.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libdap.x86_64                                                     3.19.1-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
libdap-devel.x86_64                                               3.19.1-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
libdap-doc.x86_64                                                 3.19.1-2.el8                                                      PowerTools
libdar.x86_64                                                     2.7.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
libdar-devel.x86_64                                               2.7.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
libdasm.x86_64                                                    1.6-7.el8                                                         epel      
libdasm-devel.x86_64                                              1.6-7.el8                                                         epel      
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                                            0.2.13-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdatrie-devel-doc.noarch                                        0.2.13-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libdav1d.x86_64                                                   0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
libdav1d-devel.x86_64                                             0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
libdazzle.x86_64                                                  3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdazzle-devel.x86_64                                            3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdazzle-doc.noarch                                              3.40.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libdb-cxx.x86_64                                                  5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libdb-cxx-devel.x86_64                                            5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libdb-devel.x86_64                                                5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libdb-devel-doc.noarch                                            5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libdb-doc.noarch                                                  5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libdb-sql.x86_64                                                  5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libdb-sql-devel.x86_64                                            5.3.28-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libdbi.x86_64                                                     0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbi-dbd-mysql.x86_64                                           0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbi-dbd-pgsql.x86_64                                           0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbi-dbd-sqlite.x86_64                                          0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbi-devel.x86_64                                               0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbi-doc.noarch                                                 0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbi-drivers.x86_64                                             0.9.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                                16.04.0-12.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdbusmenu-devel.x86_64                                          16.04.0-12.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdbusmenu-doc.noarch                                            16.04.0-12.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                                           16.04.0-12.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdbusmenu-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                     16.04.0-12.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdc1394.x86_64                                                  2.2.2-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdeflate.x86_64                                                 1.9-3.el8                                                         epel      
libdeflate-devel.x86_64                                           1.9-3.el8                                                         epel      
libdeflate-utils.x86_64                                           1.9-3.el8                                                         epel      
libderiv.x86_64                                                   1.2.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
libdfp.x86_64                                                     1.0.15-2.el8                                                      epel      
libdfp-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.15-2.el8                                                      epel      
libdhash.x86_64                                                   0.5.0-40.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libdhash-devel.x86_64                                             0.5.0-40.an8                                                      AppStream 
libdicom.x86_64                                                   1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdicom-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdicom-doc.noarch                                               1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdicom-tools.x86_64                                             1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdirq.x86_64                                                    0.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
libdirq-devel.x86_64                                              0.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
libdirq-static.x86_64                                             0.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
libdisk.x86_64                                                    2021.03.20-1.el8                                                  epel      
libdisk-devel.x86_64                                              2021.03.20-1.el8                                                  epel      
libdispatch.x86_64                                                1:5.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdispatch-devel.x86_64                                          1:5.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdivide-devel.x86_64                                            5.0-6.el8                                                         epel      
libdkimpp.x86_64                                                  2.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libdkimpp-devel.x86_64                                            2.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                             2.9.37-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdmapsharing-doc.noarch                                         2.9.37-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libdmmp.x86_64                                                    0.8.4-37.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libdmtx.x86_64                                                    0.7.5-4.el8                                                       epel      
libdmtx-devel.x86_64                                              0.7.5-4.el8                                                       epel      
libdmx.x86_64                                                     1.1.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libdmx-doc.noarch                                                 1.1.4-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libdnet.x86_64                                                    1.14-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libdnet-devel.x86_64                                              1.14-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libdnet-doc.noarch                                                1.14-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libdnf-devel.x86_64                                               0.63.0-14.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libdrm.x86_64                                                     2.4.114-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                               2.4.114-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libdv.x86_64                                                      1.0.0-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdv-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.0-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libdv-doc.noarch                                                  1.0.0-27.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libdvbpsi.x86_64                                                  1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdvbpsi-devel.x86_64                                            1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdvbpsi-doc.x86_64                                              1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libdvdnav.x86_64                                                  6.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libdvdnav-doc.noarch                                              6.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libdvdread.x86_64                                                 6.1.1-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libdvdread-devel.x86_64                                           6.1.1-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libdvdread-doc.noarch                                             6.1.1-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libdwarf.x86_64                                                   20180129-4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdwarf-devel.x86_64                                             20180129-4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdwarf-doc.noarch                                               20180129-4.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libdwarf-static.x86_64                                            20180129-4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdwarf-tools.x86_64                                             20180129-4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libdwarves1.x86_64                                                1.24-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libdxflib.x86_64                                                  3.26.4-4.el8                                                      epel      
libdxflib-devel.x86_64                                            3.26.4-4.el8                                                      epel      
libdxflib-doc.noarch                                              3.26.4-4.el8                                                      epel      
libdxfrw.x86_64                                                   1.1.0-0.1.rc1.el8                                                 epel      
libdxfrw-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.0-0.1.rc1.el8                                                 epel      
libeasyfc.x86_64                                                  0.14.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libeasyfc-doc.noarch                                              0.14.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libeasyfc-gobject.x86_64                                          0.14.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libeatmydata.x86_64                                               130-4.el8                                                         epel      
libebml.x86_64                                                    1.3.7-2.el8                                                       epel      
libebml-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.7-2.el8                                                       epel      
libebur128.x86_64                                                 1.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
libebur128-devel.x86_64                                           1.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
libecap.x86_64                                                    1.0.1-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10994+8928ee11                         AppStream 
libecap-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.1-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10994+8928ee11                         AppStream 
libecb-devel.x86_64                                               0.20190722-2.el8                                                  epel      
libecpg.x86_64                                                    13.5-3.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libecpg-devel.x86_64                                              13.5-3.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libedac.x86_64                                                    0.18-20.el8                                                       epel      
libedac-devel.x86_64                                              0.18-20.el8                                                       epel      
libedit-devel.x86_64                                              3.1-23.20170329cvs.0.1.an8                                        AppStream 
libedit-doc.noarch                                                3.1-23.20170329cvs.0.1.an8                                        PowerTools
libemu.x86_64                                                     0.2.0-19.20130410gitab48695.el8                                   epel      
libemu-devel.x86_64                                               0.2.0-19.20130410gitab48695.el8                                   epel      
libeot.x86_64                                                     0.01-9.an8                                                        AppStream 
libepoxy.x86_64                                                   1.5.8-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                             1.5.8-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libepoxy-doc.noarch                                               1.5.8-1.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
libepubgen.x86_64                                                 0.1.1-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libepubgen-devel.x86_64                                           0.1.1-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libepubgen-doc.noarch                                             0.1.1-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
liberation-fonts.noarch                                           1:2.1.3-4.an8                                                     BaseOS    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                                    1:2.1.3-4.an8                                                     BaseOS    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                                      1:2.1.3-4.an8                                                     BaseOS    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                                    2:1.07.6-9.an8                                                    BaseOS    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                                      1:2.1.3-4.an8                                                     BaseOS    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                                     1:2.1.3-4.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libertas-sd8686-firmware.noarch                                   20230404-117.git2e92a49f.an8                                      BaseOS    
libertas-sd8787-firmware.noarch                                   20230404-117.git2e92a49f.an8                                      BaseOS    
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                                  2:20230404-117.git2e92a49f.an8                                    BaseOS    
libertas-usb8388-olpc-firmware.noarch                             20230404-117.git2e92a49f.an8                                      BaseOS    
libesmtp.x86_64                                                   1.0.6-18.el8                                                      epel      
libesmtp-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.6-18.el8                                                      epel      
libestr.x86_64                                                    0.1.11-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libestr-doc.noarch                                                0.1.11-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libetonyek.x86_64                                                 0.1.10-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libetonyek-devel.x86_64                                           0.1.10-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libetonyek-doc.noarch                                             0.1.10-2.an8                                                      PowerTools
libev.x86_64                                                      4.33-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libev-devel.x86_64                                                4.33-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libev-doc.noarch                                                  4.33-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libev-libevent-devel.x86_64                                       4.33-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libev-source.noarch                                               4.33-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libevdev.x86_64                                                   1.11.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
libevdev-devel.x86_64                                             1.11.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
libevdevPlus.x86_64                                               0.1.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
libevdevPlus-devel.x86_64                                         0.1.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
libevent-devel.x86_64                                             2.1.8-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
libevent-doc.noarch                                               2.1.8-5.el8                                                       PowerTools
libewf.x86_64                                                     20140608-16.el8                                                   epel      
libewf-devel.x86_64                                               20140608-16.el8                                                   epel      
libexif.x86_64                                                    0.6.22-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libexif-devel.x86_64                                              0.6.22-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libexif-doc.x86_64                                                0.6.22-6.an8                                                      PowerTools
libexttextcat.x86_64                                              3.4.5-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libexttextcat-doc.noarch                                          3.4.5-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libfabric.x86_64                                                  1.17.0-3.an8.1                                                    BaseOS    
libfabric-devel.x86_64                                            1.17.0-3.an8.1                                                    AppStream 
libfakekey.x86_64                                                 0.3-4.el8                                                         epel      
libfakekey-devel.x86_64                                           0.3-4.el8                                                         epel      
libfaketime.x86_64                                                0.9.8-5.el8                                                       epel      
libfastjson.x86_64                                                0.99.9-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
libfbclient2.x86_64                                               4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
libfbclient2-devel.x86_64                                         4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
libfdisk-devel.x86_64                                             2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
libfdt.x86_64                                                     1.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libfdt-devel.x86_64                                               1.6.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libffado.x86_64                                                   2.4.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libffado-devel.x86_64                                             2.4.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libffi-devel.x86_64                                               3.1-24.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libffi-doc.noarch                                                 3.1-24.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libfido2.x86_64                                                   1.11.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
libfido2-devel.x86_64                                             1.11.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
libfilezilla.x86_64                                               0.23.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
libfilezilla-devel.x86_64                                         0.23.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
libfl-static.x86_64                                               2.6.4-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
libfontenc-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.3-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libfontenc-doc.noarch                                             1.1.3-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libfonts.noarch                                                   1.1.3-21.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libfonts-doc.noarch                                               1.1.3-21.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libformula.noarch                                                 1.1.3-18.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libformula-doc.noarch                                             1.1.3-18.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libfprint.x86_64                                                  1.94.5-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
libfprint-doc.noarch                                              1.94.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libfreehand.x86_64                                                0.1.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
libfreehand-doc.noarch                                            0.1.2-2.el8                                                       PowerTools
libfreenect.x86_64                                                0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libfreenect-devel.x86_64                                          0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libfreenect-fakenect.x86_64                                       0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libfreenect-opencv.x86_64                                         0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libfreenect-openni.x86_64                                         0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libfreenect-static.x86_64                                         0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libfsverity.x86_64                                                1.4-6.el8                                                         epel      
libftdi.x86_64                                                    1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
libftdi-c++.x86_64                                                1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
libftdi-c++-devel.x86_64                                          1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
libftdi-devel.x86_64                                              1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
libfullock.x86_64                                                 1.0.53-1.el8.1                                                    epel      
libfullock-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.53-1.el8.1                                                    epel      
libgcab1.x86_64                                                   1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libgcab1-devel.x86_64                                             1.4-6.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libgccjit.x86_64                                                  8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgccjit-devel.x86_64                                            8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                                            1.8.5-7.0.1.an8_6                                                 BaseOS    
libgcrypt-doc.noarch                                              1.8.5-7.0.1.an8_6                                                 PowerTools
libgdata.x86_64                                                   0.18.1-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libgdata-devel.x86_64                                             0.18.1-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libgdata-doc.noarch                                               0.18.1-4.an8                                                      PowerTools
libgdiplus.x86_64                                                 6.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
libgdiplus-devel.x86_64                                           6.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
libgdither.x86_64                                                 0.6-17.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libgdither-doc.noarch                                             0.6-17.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libgearman.x86_64                                                 1.1.19.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
libgearman-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.19.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
libgee.x86_64                                                     0.20.4-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgee-devel.x86_64                                               0.20.4-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgee-doc.noarch                                                 0.20.4-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libgenders.x86_64                                                 1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libgenders-devel.x86_64                                           1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libgendersplusplus.x86_64                                         1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libgendersplusplus-devel.x86_64                                   1.27.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libgeotiff.x86_64                                                 1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgeotiff-devel.x86_64                                           1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgexiv2.x86_64                                                  0.12.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgexiv2-devel.x86_64                                            0.12.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgexiv2-doc.noarch                                              0.12.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libgfortran.x86_64                                                8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libgit2.x86_64                                                    0.26.8-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libgit2-devel.x86_64                                              0.26.8-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libgit2-glib.x86_64                                               0.26.4-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgit2-glib-devel.x86_64                                         0.26.4-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgit2-glib-doc.noarch                                           0.26.4-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libglade2.x86_64                                                  2.6.4-23.el8                                                      epel      
libglade2-devel.x86_64                                            2.6.4-23.el8                                                      epel      
libglvnd.x86_64                                                   1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                                        1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                             1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libglvnd-doc.noarch                                               1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                               1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                              1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                               1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                                            1:1.3.4-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libgnat.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgnat-devel.x86_64                                              8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgnat-static.x86_64                                             8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                                3.26.0-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
libgnomekbd-devel.x86_64                                          3.26.0-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
libgo.x86_64                                                      8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgo-devel.x86_64                                                8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgo-static.x86_64                                               8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libgomp-offload-nvptx.x86_64                                      8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libgovirt.x86_64                                                  0.3.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libgovirt-doc.noarch                                              0.3.7-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                                         1.42-5.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libgpg-error-doc.noarch                                           1.42-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libgphoto2.x86_64                                                 2.5.27-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgphoto2-devel.x86_64                                           2.5.27-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgphoto2-doc.noarch                                             2.5.27-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libgpiod.x86_64                                                   1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgpiod-c++.x86_64                                               1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgpiod-devel.x86_64                                             1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgpiod-utils.x86_64                                             1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgpod.x86_64                                                    0.8.3-24.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgpod-devel.x86_64                                              0.8.3-24.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgpod-doc.x86_64                                                0.8.3-24.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgs-devel.x86_64                                                9.54.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libgsasl.x86_64                                                   1.8.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
libgsasl-devel.x86_64                                             1.8.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
libgsf.x86_64                                                     1.14.47-5.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libgsf-devel.x86_64                                               1.14.47-5.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libgsf-doc.noarch                                                 1.14.47-5.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libgta.x86_64                                                     1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgta-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgta-doc.noarch                                                 1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgtop2.x86_64                                                   2.40.0-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgtop2-devel.x86_64                                             2.40.0-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libgtop2-doc.noarch                                               2.40.0-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libguac.x86_64                                                    1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libguac-client-kubernetes.x86_64                                  1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libguac-client-rdp.x86_64                                         1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libguac-client-ssh.x86_64                                         1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libguac-client-telnet.x86_64                                      1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libguac-client-vnc.x86_64                                         1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libguac-devel.x86_64                                              1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
libgudev.x86_64                                                   237-1.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libgudev-devel.x86_64                                             237-1.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libgudev-doc.noarch                                               237-1.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
libguess.x86_64                                                   1.2-11.el8                                                        epel      
libguess-devel.x86_64                                             1.2-11.el8                                                        epel      
libguestfs.x86_64                                                 1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                                       1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-bash-completion.noarch                                 1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-devel.x86_64                                           1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-gfs2.x86_64                                            1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-gobject.x86_64                                         1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-gobject-devel.x86_64                                   1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-inspect-icons.noarch                                   1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-java.x86_64                                            1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-java-devel.x86_64                                      1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-javadoc.noarch                                         1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-man-pages-ja.noarch                                    1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-man-pages-uk.noarch                                    1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-rescue.x86_64                                          1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-rsync.x86_64                                           1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-tools.noarch                                           1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-tools-c.x86_64                                         1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libguestfs-winsupport.x86_64                                      8.8-2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                               AppStream 
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                             1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
libgusb.x86_64                                                    0.3.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libgusb-devel.x86_64                                              0.3.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libgusb-doc.noarch                                                0.3.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libgweather.x86_64                                                40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
libgweather-devel.x86_64                                          40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
libgxim.x86_64                                                    0.5.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
libgxim-devel.x86_64                                              0.5.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
libgxps.x86_64                                                    0.3.2-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libgxps-devel.x86_64                                              0.3.2-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libhandy.x86_64                                                   1.2.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libhandy-doc.noarch                                               1.2.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libhangul.x86_64                                                  0.1.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libhangul-doc.noarch                                              0.1.0-16.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libharu.x86_64                                                    2.3.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
libharu-devel.x86_64                                              2.3.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
libhbaapi.x86_64                                                  2.2.9-13.el8                                                      BaseOS    
libhbaapi-devel.x86_64                                            2.2.9-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
libhbalinux.x86_64                                                1.0.17-7.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libhbalinux-devel.x86_64                                          1.0.17-7.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libhbalinux-doc.noarch                                            1.0.17-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libhugetlbfs.x86_64                                               2.21-17.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs-devel.x86_64                                         2.21-17.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs-utils.x86_64                                         2.21-17.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libi2c.x86_64                                                     4.0-12.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libib-util.x86_64                                                 4.0.0.2496-2.el8                                                  epel      
libibumad.x86_64                                                  44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
libibverbs-utils.x86_64                                           44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
libical.x86_64                                                    3.0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libical-devel.x86_64                                              3.0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libical-glib.x86_64                                               3.0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libical-glib-devel.x86_64                                         3.0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libical-glib-doc.noarch                                           3.0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libicns.x86_64                                                    0.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libicns-devel.x86_64                                              0.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libicns-utils.x86_64                                              0.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libicu-devel.x86_64                                               60.3-2.0.2.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libicu-doc.noarch                                                 60.3-2.0.2.an8                                                    PowerTools
libicu50.x86_64                                                   50.2-5.el8                                                        epel      
libid3tag.x86_64                                                  0.15.1b-30.el8                                                    epel      
libid3tag-devel.x86_64                                            0.15.1b-30.el8                                                    epel      
libidn.x86_64                                                     1.34-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
libidn-devel.x86_64                                               1.34-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
libidn2-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libidn2-doc.noarch                                                2.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libiec61883.x86_64                                                1.2.0-18.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libiec61883-devel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-18.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libiec61883-doc.noarch                                            1.2.0-18.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libieee1284.x86_64                                                0.2.11-28.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                                          0.2.11-28.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libieee1284-doc.noarch                                            0.2.11-28.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libijs-doc.noarch                                                 0.35-5.el8                                                        PowerTools
libimagequant.x86_64                                              2.12.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
libimagequant-devel.x86_64                                        2.12.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
libimobiledevice.x86_64                                           1.3.0-5.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libimobiledevice-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.0-5.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
libimobiledevice-doc.noarch                                       1.3.0-5.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
libindicator-doc.noarch                                           12.10.1-14.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                                          12.10.1-14.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libindicator-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    12.10.1-14.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libini_config.x86_64                                              1.3.1-40.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libini_config-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.1-40.an8                                                      AppStream 
libinjection.x86_64                                               3.10.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
libinjection-devel.x86_64                                         3.10.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
libinjection-tests.x86_64                                         3.10.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
libinput.x86_64                                                   1.16.3-3.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
libinput-devel.x86_64                                             1.16.3-3.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
libinput-doc.noarch                                               1.16.3-3.0.1.an8_6                                                PowerTools
libinput-utils.x86_64                                             1.16.3-3.0.1.an8_6                                                AppStream 
libinstpatch.x86_64                                               1.1.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
libinstpatch-devel.x86_64                                         1.1.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
libint.x86_64                                                     1.2.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
libint-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
libiodbc.x86_64                                                   3.52.13-1.el8                                                     epel      
libiodbc-devel.x86_64                                             3.52.13-1.el8                                                     epel      
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                                2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libipmctl.x86_64                                                  03.00.00.0468-2.el8                                               epel      
libipmctl-compat-02.00.00.3885.x86_64                             02.00.00.3885-1.el8                                               epel      
libipmctl-compat-devel-02.00.00.3885.x86_64                       02.00.00.3885-1.el8                                               epel      
libipmctl-devel.x86_64                                            03.00.00.0468-2.el8                                               epel      
libipt-doc.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libiptcdata.x86_64                                                1.0.5-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
libirman.x86_64                                                   1:0.5.2-10.el8                                                    epel      
libirman-devel.x86_64                                             1:0.5.2-10.el8                                                    epel      
libiscsi.x86_64                                                   1.18.0-8.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                        AppStream 
libiscsi-devel.x86_64                                             1.18.0-8.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                        AppStream 
libiscsi-utils.x86_64                                             1.18.0-8.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                        AppStream 
libisds.x86_64                                                    0.11.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
libisds-devel.x86_64                                              0.11.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
libisoburn-devel.x86_64                                           1.5.4-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libisoburn-doc.noarch                                             1.5.4-4.an8                                                       PowerTools
libisoburn1.x86_64                                                1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libisoburn1-devel.x86_64                                          1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libisoburn1-doc.noarch                                            1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libisofs-devel.x86_64                                             1.5.4-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libisofs-doc.noarch                                               1.5.4-4.an8                                                       PowerTools
libisofs1.x86_64                                                  1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libisofs1-devel.x86_64                                            1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libisofs1-doc.noarch                                              1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libitm.x86_64                                                     8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libitm-devel.x86_64                                               8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
libjoedog.x86_64                                                  0.1.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
libjoedog-devel.x86_64                                            0.1.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
libjose.x86_64                                                    10-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libjose-devel.x86_64                                              10-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                                        2.0.90-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo-doc.noarch                                          2.0.90-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                                        2.0.90-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libjwt.x86_64                                                     1.12.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
libjwt-devel.x86_64                                               1.12.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
libjxl.x86_64                                                     0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libjxl-devel.x86_64                                               0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libjxl-devtools.x86_64                                            0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libjxl-utils.x86_64                                               0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libkadm5.x86_64                                                   1.18.2-25.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
libkate.x86_64                                                    0.4.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libkate-devel.x86_64                                              0.4.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libkate-docs.noarch                                               0.4.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libkate-utils.x86_64                                              0.4.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libkcapi-doc.x86_64                                               1.2.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libkdegames.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkdegames-devel.x86_64                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkdumpfile.x86_64                                               0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libkdumpfile-devel.x86_64                                         0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libkdumpfile-doc.noarch                                           0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libkdumpfile-util.x86_64                                          0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libkeduvocdocument.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkeduvocdocument-devel.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkeepalive.x86_64                                               0.3-8.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libkeepalive-doc.noarch                                           0.3-8.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
libkgapi.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkgapi-devel.x86_64                                             22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkkc.x86_64                                                     0.3.5-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libkkc-common.noarch                                              0.3.5-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libkkc-data.x86_64                                                1:0.2.7-12.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libkkc-data-doc.noarch                                            1:0.2.7-12.0.2.an8                                                PowerTools
libkkc-doc.noarch                                                 0.3.5-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libkmahjongg.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkmahjongg-data.noarch                                          22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkmahjongg-devel.x86_64                                         22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkml.x86_64                                                     1.3.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
libkml-devel.x86_64                                               1.3.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
libkml-java.x86_64                                                1.3.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1.x86_64                                                   1.25-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
libknet1-compress-bzip2-plugin.x86_64                             1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-compress-lz4-plugin.x86_64                               1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-compress-lzma-plugin.x86_64                              1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-compress-lzo2-plugin.x86_64                              1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-compress-plugins-all.x86_64                              1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-compress-zlib-plugin.x86_64                              1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-crypto-nss-plugin.x86_64                                 1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-crypto-openssl-plugin.x86_64                             1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-crypto-plugins-all.x86_64                                1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libknet1-devel.x86_64                                             1.25-1.an8                                                        PowerTools
libknet1-plugins-all.x86_64                                       1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libkolabxml.x86_64                                                1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
libkolabxml-devel.x86_64                                          1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
libkomparediff2.x86_64                                            22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libkomparediff2-devel.x86_64                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
libksba-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libksba-doc.noarch                                                1.3.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libkscreen-qt5.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libkscreen-qt5-devel.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libksysguard.x86_64                                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libksysguard-common.x86_64                                        5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libksysguard-devel.x86_64                                         5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libkworkspace5.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
liblangtag.x86_64                                                 0.6.3-8.an8.1                                                     AppStream 
liblangtag-data.noarch                                            0.6.3-8.an8.1                                                     AppStream 
liblangtag-devel.x86_64                                           0.6.3-8.an8.1                                                     AppStream 
liblangtag-doc.noarch                                             0.6.3-8.an8.1                                                     AppStream 
liblangtag-gobject.x86_64                                         0.6.3-8.an8.1                                                     AppStream 
liblayout.noarch                                                  0.2.10-17.el8                                                     AppStream 
libldac.x86_64                                                    2.0.2.3-10.an8                                                    AppStream 
libldb.x86_64                                                     2.6.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libldb-devel.x86_64                                               2.6.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libldb-doc.noarch                                                 2.6.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libldm.x86_64                                                     0.2.4-10.el8                                                      epel      
libldm-devel.x86_64                                               0.2.4-10.el8                                                      epel      
libloader.noarch                                                  1.1.3-17.el8                                                      AppStream 
liblockfile.x86_64                                                1.14-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
liblockfile-devel.x86_64                                          1.14-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
liblockfile-doc.noarch                                            1.14-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
liblognorm.x86_64                                                 2.0.6-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
liblognorm-doc.x86_64                                             2.0.6-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
liblouis.x86_64                                                   3.16.1-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
liblouis-doc.noarch                                               3.16.1-4.an8                                                      PowerTools
liblove.x86_64                                                    11.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
liblsan.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libluksmeta.x86_64                                                9-4.el8                                                           AppStream 
libluksmeta-devel.x86_64                                          9-4.el8                                                           AppStream 
liblxi.x86_64                                                     1.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
liblxi-devel.x86_64                                               1.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
liblzf.x86_64                                                     3.6-16.el8                                                        epel      
liblzf-devel.x86_64                                               3.6-16.el8                                                        epel      
libmacaroons.x86_64                                               0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
libmacaroons-devel.x86_64                                         0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
libmad.x86_64                                                     0.15.1b-25.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libmad-devel.x86_64                                               0.15.1b-25.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libmad-doc.noarch                                                 0.15.1b-25.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libmalaga.x86_64                                                  7.12-23.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libmandoc-devel.x86_64                                            1.14.5-13.el8                                                     epel      
libmarkdown.x86_64                                                2.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
libmarkdown-devel.x86_64                                          2.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
libmatchbox.x86_64                                                1.9-23.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libmatchbox-doc.noarch                                            1.9-23.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libmatekbd.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmatekbd-devel.x86_64                                           1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmatemixer.x86_64                                               1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmatemixer-devel.x86_64                                         1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmateweather.x86_64                                             1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmateweather-data.noarch                                        1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmateweather-devel.x86_64                                       1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmatroska.x86_64                                                1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmatroska-devel.x86_64                                          1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                               1.5.2-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libmaxminddb-devel.x86_64                                         1.5.2-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libmbim.x86_64                                                    1.28.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libmbim-doc.noarch                                                1.28.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                              1.28.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libmcpp.x86_64                                                    2.7.2-20.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libmcrypt.x86_64                                                  2.5.8-26.el8                                                      epel      
libmcrypt-devel.x86_64                                            2.5.8-26.el8                                                      epel      
libmd.x86_64                                                      1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmd-devel.x86_64                                                1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmediaart.x86_64                                                1.9.5-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
libmediainfo.x86_64                                               23.09-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmediainfo-devel.x86_64                                         23.09-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmemcached.x86_64                                               1.0.18-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libmemcached-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.18-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libmemcached-doc.noarch                                           1.0.18-17.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libmemcached-libs.x86_64                                          1.0.18-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libmetalink-doc.noarch                                            0.1.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libmfx.x86_64                                                     1.25-4.el8                                                        epel      
libmfx-devel.x86_64                                               1.25-4.el8                                                        epel      
libmicrodns.x86_64                                                0.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmicrodns-devel.x86_64                                          0.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmicrohttpd.x86_64                                              1:0.9.59-2.el8                                                    BaseOS    
libmicrohttpd-devel.x86_64                                        1:0.9.59-2.el8                                                    AppStream 
libmicrohttpd-doc.noarch                                          1:0.9.59-2.el8                                                    AppStream 
libmikmod.x86_64                                                  3.3.11.1-7.el8                                                    epel      
libmikmod-devel.x86_64                                            3.3.11.1-7.el8                                                    epel      
libmng.x86_64                                                     2.0.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libmng-devel.x86_64                                               2.0.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libmng-doc.noarch                                                 2.0.3-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libmnl-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libmnl-doc.noarch                                                 1.0.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libmodbus.x86_64                                                  3.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmodbus-devel.x86_64                                            3.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmodman.x86_64                                                  2.0.1-17.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libmodman-doc.noarch                                              2.0.1-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libmodplug.x86_64                                                 1:0.8.9.0-9.el8                                                   epel      
libmodplug-devel.x86_64                                           1:0.8.9.0-9.el8                                                   epel      
libmodsecurity.x86_64                                             3.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmodsecurity-devel.x86_64                                       3.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmodsecurity-static.x86_64                                      3.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
libmodulemd-devel.x86_64                                          2.13.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libmodulemd1.x86_64                                               1.8.16-0.2.13.0.1.0.1.an8                                         BaseOS    
libmongocrypt.x86_64                                              1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmongocrypt-devel.x86_64                                        1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmount-devel.x86_64                                             2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libmousepad0.x86_64                                               0.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmp4v2.x86_64                                                   2.1.0-0.21.trunkREV507.el8                                        epel      
libmp4v2-devel.x86_64                                             2.1.0-0.21.trunkREV507.el8                                        epel      
libmpc-devel.x86_64                                               1.1.0-9.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libmpc-doc.noarch                                                 1.1.0-9.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
libmpcdec.x86_64                                                  1.2.6-20.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libmpcdec-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.6-20.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libmpcdec-doc.noarch                                              1.2.6-20.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libmpdclient.x86_64                                               2.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
libmpdclient-devel.x86_64                                         2.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
libmpeg2.x86_64                                                   0.5.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libmpeg2-devel.x86_64                                             0.5.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
libmsi1.x86_64                                                    0.102-3.el8                                                       epel      
libmsi1-devel.x86_64                                              0.102-3.el8                                                       epel      
libmspack.x86_64                                                  0.10.1-0.7.alpha.an8                                              AppStream 
libmspack-devel.x86_64                                            0.10.1-0.7.alpha.an8                                              AppStream 
libmspub.x86_64                                                   0.1.4-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libmspub-doc.noarch                                               0.1.4-1.el8                                                       PowerTools
libmtp.x86_64                                                     1.1.18-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libmtp-devel.x86_64                                               1.1.18-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libmtp-doc.noarch                                                 1.1.18-6.an8                                                      PowerTools
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                                            5.1.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libmusicbrainz5-devel.x86_64                                      5.1.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libmusicbrainz5-doc.noarch                                        5.1.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libmwaw.x86_64                                                    0.3.21-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libmwaw-doc.noarch                                                0.3.21-1.an8                                                      PowerTools
libmysofa.x86_64                                                  1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libmysofa-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libnatpmp.x86_64                                                  20150609-11.el8                                                   epel      
libnatpmp-devel.x86_64                                            20150609-11.el8                                                   epel      
libnbd.x86_64                                                     1.6.0-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
libnbd-bash-completion.noarch                                     1.6.0-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
libnbd-devel.x86_64                                               1.6.0-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
libndp.x86_64                                                     1.7-6.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libndp-doc.noarch                                                 1.7-6.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
libnet-devel.x86_64                                               1.2-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
libnet-doc.noarch                                                 1.2-6.an8                                                         PowerTools
libnetapi.x86_64                                                  4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libnetfilter_conntrack-devel.x86_64                               1.0.6-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
libnetfilter_cthelper.x86_64                                      1.0.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libnetfilter_cthelper-doc.noarch                                  1.0.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libnetfilter_cttimeout.x86_64                                     1.0.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libnetfilter_cttimeout-doc.noarch                                 1.0.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libnetfilter_queue.x86_64                                         1.0.5-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libnetfilter_queue-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.5-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
libnfnetlink-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libnfnetlink-doc.noarch                                           1.0.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libnfs.x86_64                                                     4.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libnfs-devel.x86_64                                               4.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libnfs-utils.x86_64                                               4.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                                1:2.3.3-59.0.2.an8                                                BaseOS    
libnfsidmap-devel.x86_64                                          1:2.3.3-59.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libnftnl-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.5-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libnftnl-doc.noarch                                               1.1.5-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libnghttp2-devel.x86_64                                           1.33.0-3.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
libnghttp2-devel-doc.noarch                                       1.33.0-3.0.1.an8.1                                                PowerTools
libnice.x86_64                                                    0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
libnice-devel.x86_64                                              0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
libnice-doc.noarch                                                0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.0.1.an8                               PowerTools
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                                         0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
libnids.x86_64                                                    1.24-18.el8                                                       epel      
libnids-devel.x86_64                                              1.24-18.el8                                                       epel      
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                                 3.7.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libnl3-devel.x86_64                                               3.7.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libnl3-doc.x86_64                                                 3.7.0-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
libnma.x86_64                                                     1.8.38-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libnma-devel.x86_64                                               1.8.38-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libnma-doc.noarch                                                 1.8.38-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libnotify.x86_64                                                  0.7.9-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libnotify-devel.x86_64                                            0.7.9-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libnozzle1.x86_64                                                 1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libnozzle1-devel.x86_64                                           1.24-4.1.el8                                                      epel      
libnsl.x86_64                                                     2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
libnsl2-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                                    AppStream 
libnss-mysql.x86_64                                               1.5-35.el8                                                        epel      
libntlm.x86_64                                                    1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
libntlm-devel.x86_64                                              1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
libnumbertext.x86_64                                              1.0.6-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libnumbertext-doc.noarch                                          1.0.6-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
liboath.x86_64                                                    2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
liboath-devel.x86_64                                              2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
liboath-doc.noarch                                                2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
liboauth.x86_64                                                   1.0.3-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
liboauth-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.3-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
liboauth-doc.noarch                                               1.0.3-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libobjc.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
libobjfw.x86_64                                                   1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libobjfw-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libobjfwrt.x86_64                                                 1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libobjfwrt-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libobjfwtls.x86_64                                                1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libobjfwtls-devel.x86_64                                          1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libodfgen.x86_64                                                  0.1.8-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libodfgen-devel.x86_64                                            0.1.8-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libodfgen-doc.noarch                                              0.1.8-4.an8                                                       PowerTools
libofx.x86_64                                                     0.9.13-4.el8                                                      epel      
libofx-devel.x86_64                                               0.9.13-4.el8                                                      epel      
libogg.x86_64                                                     2:1.3.4-6.an8                                                     AppStream 
libogg-devel.x86_64                                               2:1.3.4-6.an8                                                     AppStream 
libogg-devel-docs.noarch                                          2:1.3.4-6.an8                                                     AppStream 
liboggz.x86_64                                                    1.1.1-14.el8                                                      AppStream 
liboggz-doc.x86_64                                                1.1.1-14.el8                                                      PowerTools
libolm.x86_64                                                     3.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
libolm-devel.x86_64                                               3.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
libolm-python3.x86_64                                             3.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
libomp.x86_64                                                     15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
libomp-devel.x86_64                                               15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
libomp-test.x86_64                                                15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
libopenarc.x86_64                                                 1.0.0-0.15.Beta3.el8                                              epel      
libopenarc-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.0-0.15.Beta3.el8                                              epel      
libopendkim.x86_64                                                2.11.0-0.34.el8                                                   epel      
libopendkim-devel.x86_64                                          2.11.0-0.34.el8                                                   epel      
libopendmarc.x86_64                                               1.4.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
libopendmarc-devel.x86_64                                         1.4.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
libopenmpt.x86_64                                                 0.6.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
libopenmpt-devel.x86_64                                           0.6.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
libopenraw.x86_64                                                 0.1.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
libopenraw-devel.x86_64                                           0.1.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
libopenraw-gnome.x86_64                                           0.1.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
libopenraw-gnome-devel.x86_64                                     0.1.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
libopenshot-audio.x86_64                                          0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libopenshot-audio-demo.x86_64                                     0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libopenshot-audio-devel.x86_64                                    0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
liboping.x86_64                                                   1.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
liboping-devel.x86_64                                             1.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
libopm.x86_64                                                     0.1-25.20050731cvs.el8                                            epel      
libopm-devel.x86_64                                               0.1-25.20050731cvs.el8                                            epel      
liborc-devel.x86_64                                               1.7.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
liborc1.x86_64                                                    1.7.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
liborcus.x86_64                                                   0.16.1-8.an8                                                      AppStream 
liborcus-doc.noarch                                               0.16.1-8.an8                                                      PowerTools
liboscillator-disciplining.x86_64                                 3.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
liboscillator-disciplining-devel.x86_64                           3.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
libosinfo.x86_64                                                  1.9.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libotf.x86_64                                                     0.9.13-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libotf-doc.noarch                                                 0.9.13-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libotr.x86_64                                                     4.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
libotr-devel.x86_64                                               4.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
libpagemaker.x86_64                                               0.0.4-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpagemaker-doc.noarch                                           0.0.4-3.el8                                                       PowerTools
libpaper-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.28-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libpath_utils.x86_64                                              0.2.1-40.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libpath_utils-devel.x86_64                                        0.2.1-40.an8                                                      AppStream 
libpcap-devel.x86_64                                              14:1.9.1-5.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libpcap-doc.noarch                                                14:1.9.1-5.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libpciaccess.x86_64                                               0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                                         0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libpciaccess-doc.noarch                                           0.14-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libpeas-devel.x86_64                                              1.22.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libpeas-doc.noarch                                                1.22.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                                1.22.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                                     1.22.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libpfm.x86_64                                                     4.11.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libpfm-devel.x86_64                                               4.11.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libpfm-static.x86_64                                              4.11.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libpgf.x86_64                                                     6.14.12-12.el8                                                    epel      
libpgf-devel.x86_64                                               6.14.12-12.el8                                                    epel      
libpgtypes.x86_64                                                 13.5-3.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libpinyin.x86_64                                                  2.6.0-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                             2.6.0-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libpinyin-devel.x86_64                                            2.6.0-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libpipeline-doc.noarch                                            1.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libplist.x86_64                                                   2.2.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
libplist-devel.x86_64                                             2.2.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
libpmem.x86_64                                                    1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmem-debug.x86_64                                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmem-devel.x86_64                                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemblk.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemblk-debug.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemblk-devel.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemlog.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemlog-debug.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemlog-devel.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemobj.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemobj++-devel.x86_64                                         1.6-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
libpmemobj++-doc.x86_64                                           1.6-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
libpmemobj-debug.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmemobj-devel.x86_64                                           1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmempool.x86_64                                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmempool-debug.x86_64                                          1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpmempool-devel.x86_64                                          1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libpng-devel.x86_64                                               2:1.6.34-5.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
libpng12.x86_64                                                   1.2.57-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libpng12-doc.noarch                                               1.2.57-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libpng15.x86_64                                                   1.5.30-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libpng15-doc.noarch                                               1.5.30-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libpq.x86_64                                                      13.5-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libpq-devel.x86_64                                                13.5-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libprelude.x86_64                                                 5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libprelude-devel.x86_64                                           5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libprelude-doc.noarch                                             5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libpreludedb.x86_64                                               5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libpreludedb-devel.x86_64                                         5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libpreludedb-doc.noarch                                           5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libpri.x86_64                                                     1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libpri-devel.x86_64                                               1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libpri-doc.noarch                                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libprojectM.x86_64                                                3.1.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
libprojectM-devel.x86_64                                          3.1.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
libprometheus-cpp.x86_64                                          1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libprometheus-cpp-devel.x86_64                                    1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libproxy.x86_64                                                   0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                               0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libproxy-devel.x86_64                                             0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libproxy-doc.noarch                                               0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libproxy-gnome.x86_64                                             0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libproxy-networkmanager.x86_64                                    0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                                        0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libpskc.x86_64                                                    2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
libpskc-devel.x86_64                                              2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
libpskc-doc.noarch                                                2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
libpsl-devel.x86_64                                               0.20.2-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libpsm2.x86_64                                                    11.2.230-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libpsm2-compat.x86_64                                             11.2.230-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libpsm2-devel.x86_64                                              11.2.230-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libpst-devel-doc.x86_64                                           0.6.71-8.el8                                                      PowerTools
libpst-doc.x86_64                                                 0.6.71-8.el8                                                      PowerTools
libpst-libs.x86_64                                                0.6.71-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
libptytty.x86_64                                                  2.0-3.el8                                                         epel      
libptytty-devel.x86_64                                            2.0-3.el8                                                         epel      
libpurple.x86_64                                                  2.13.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
libpurple-devel.x86_64                                            2.13.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
libpwquality-devel.x86_64                                         1.4.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libpwquality-doc.noarch                                           1.4.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libqalculate.x86_64                                               3.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libqalculate-devel.x86_64                                         3.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libqb.x86_64                                                      1.0.3-13.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libqb-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.3-13.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libqhull.x86_64                                                   2015.2-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
libqhull_p.x86_64                                                 2015.2-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
libqhull_r.x86_64                                                 2015.2-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
libqmi.x86_64                                                     1.32.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libqmi-doc.noarch                                                 1.32.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                               1.32.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libqrcodegen.x86_64                                               1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libqrcodegen-devel.x86_64                                         1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                                            1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libqrcodegencpp-devel.x86_64                                      1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                               1.0.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libquadmath.x86_64                                                8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                                          8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
libquvi.x86_64                                                    0.9.4-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libquvi-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.4-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libquvi-doc.noarch                                                0.9.4-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libquvi-scripts.noarch                                            0.9.20131130-9.0.1.an8                                            AppStream 
libquvi-scripts-doc.noarch                                        0.9.20131130-9.0.1.an8                                            PowerTools
libqxp.x86_64                                                     0.0.2-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
libqxp-doc.noarch                                                 0.0.2-11.an8                                                      PowerTools
libqxt-qt5.x86_64                                                 0.7.0-0.19.20130718giteaf6872f6ad4.el8                            epel      
libqxt-qt5-devel.x86_64                                           0.7.0-0.19.20130718giteaf6872f6ad4.el8                            epel      
libqxt-qt5-doc.noarch                                             0.7.0-0.19.20130718giteaf6872f6ad4.el8                            epel      
libr12.x86_64                                                     1.2.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
librabbitmq.x86_64                                                0.11.0-5.an8                                                      BaseOS    
librabbitmq-devel.x86_64                                          0.11.0-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
librados-devel.x86_64                                             1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
librados2.x86_64                                                  1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libradosstriper-devel.x86_64                                      1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libradosstriper1.x86_64                                           1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
libraqm.x86_64                                                    0.7.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
libraqm-devel.x86_64                                              0.7.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
libraqm-docs.noarch                                               0.7.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
libraw1394.x86_64                                                 2.1.2-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libraw1394-devel.x86_64                                           2.1.2-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libraw1394-doc.noarch                                             2.1.2-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
librbd-devel.x86_64                                               1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
librbd1.x86_64                                                    1:12.2.7-9.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
librcc.x86_64                                                     0.2.12-15.el8                                                     epel      
librcc-devel.x86_64                                               0.2.12-15.el8                                                     epel      
librcc-gtk2.x86_64                                                0.2.12-15.el8                                                     epel      
librcc-gtk3.x86_64                                                0.2.12-15.el8                                                     epel      
librcd.x86_64                                                     0.1.14-14.el8                                                     epel      
librcd-devel.x86_64                                               0.1.14-14.el8                                                     epel      
librdkafka.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-102.an8                                                     AppStream 
librdkafka-devel.x86_64                                           1.6.1-102.an8                                                     AppStream 
librdmacm.x86_64                                                  44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
librdmacm-utils.x86_64                                            44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
libre.x86_64                                                      3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libre-devel.x86_64                                                3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libref_array.x86_64                                               0.1.5-40.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libref_array-devel.x86_64                                         0.1.5-40.an8                                                      AppStream 
librelp.x86_64                                                    1.9.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
libreoffice.x86_64                                                1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-TexMaths.x86_64                                       0.48.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
libreoffice-base.x86_64                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-core.x86_64                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-data.noarch                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                                     1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-gdb-debug-support.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                                  1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ar.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-bg.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-bn.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ca.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-cs.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-da.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-de.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-dz.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-el.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-es.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-et.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-eu.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-fi.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-fr.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-gl.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-gu.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-he.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-hi.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-hr.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-hu.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-id.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-it.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ja.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ko.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-lt.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-lv.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-nb.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-nl.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-nn.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-pl.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-pt-BR.x86_64                                     1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-pt-PT.x86_64                                     1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ro.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ru.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-si.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-sk.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-sl.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-sv.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ta.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-tr.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-uk.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hans.x86_64                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hant.x86_64                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-af.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ar.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-as.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-bg.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-bn.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-br.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ca.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-cs.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-cy.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-da.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-de.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-dz.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-el.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-es.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-et.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-eu.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-fa.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-fi.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-fr.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ga.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-gl.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-gu.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-he.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-hi.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-hr.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-hu.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-id.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-it.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ja.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-kk.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-kn.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ko.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-lt.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-lv.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-mai.x86_64                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ml.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-mr.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nb.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nl.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nn.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nr.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nso.x86_64                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-or.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pa.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pl.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-BR.x86_64                                 1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-PT.x86_64                                 1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ro.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ru.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-si.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sk.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sl.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sr.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ss.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-st.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sv.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ta.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-te.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-th.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-tn.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-tr.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ts.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-uk.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ve.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-xh.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hans.x86_64                               1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hant.x86_64                               1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-zu.x86_64                                    1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-math.x86_64                                           1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-nlpsolver.x86_64                                      1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                                       1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                               1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                                      1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                                          1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-sdk.x86_64                                            1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-sdk-doc.x86_64                                        1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                                            1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                                     1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-voikko.x86_64                                         5.0-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
libreoffice-wiki-publisher.x86_64                                 1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                                         1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                                            1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                                     1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libreofficekit.x86_64                                             1:7.1.8.1-8.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
librepo-devel.x86_64                                              1.14.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
librepo-doc.noarch                                                1.14.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libreport.x86_64                                                  2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                                         2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-cli.x86_64                                              2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                              2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-newt.x86_64                                             2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                                  2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                                2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                                    2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-mailx.x86_64                                     2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64                            2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-rhtsupport.x86_64                                2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                                   2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libreport-web.x86_64                                              2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
librepository.noarch                                              1.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
librepository-doc.noarch                                          1.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libresample.x86_64                                                0.1.3-33.el8                                                      epel      
libresample-devel.x86_64                                          0.1.3-33.el8                                                      epel      
libreswan.x86_64                                                  4.9-3.an8                                                         AppStream 
libretls.x86_64                                                   3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libretls-devel.x86_64                                             3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libretls-static.x86_64                                            3.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
librevenge.x86_64                                                 0.0.4-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
librevenge-devel.x86_64                                           0.0.4-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
librevenge-doc.noarch                                             0.0.4-12.el8                                                      PowerTools
librevenge-gdb.x86_64                                             0.0.4-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
librhsm.x86_64                                                    0.0.3-5.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
librhsm-devel.x86_64                                              0.0.3-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
librhsm-doc.noarch                                                0.0.3-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
librnp.x86_64                                                     0.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
librnp-devel.x86_64                                               0.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
librpmem.x86_64                                                   1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
librpmem-debug.x86_64                                             1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
librpmem-devel.x86_64                                             1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
librpminspect.x86_64                                              1.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
librpminspect-devel.x86_64                                        1.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                             2.50.7-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                                             2.50.7-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
librsync.x86_64                                                   2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
librsync-devel.x86_64                                             2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
librsync-doc.noarch                                               2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
librttr.x86_64                                                    0.9.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
librttr-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
librx.x86_64                                                      1.5-31.el8                                                        AppStream 
librx-devel.x86_64                                                1.5-31.el8                                                        AppStream 
libs3.x86_64                                                      4.1-0.6.20190408git287e4be.el8                                    epel      
libs3-devel.x86_64                                                4.1-0.6.20190408git287e4be.el8                                    epel      
libsafec.x86_64                                                   3.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
libsafec-check.x86_64                                             3.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
libsafec-devel.x86_64                                             3.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
libsamplerate.x86_64                                              0.1.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libsamplerate-devel.x86_64                                        0.1.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libsamplerate-doc.noarch                                          0.1.9-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                              3.18.4-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libsass.x86_64                                                    3.4.5-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libsass-devel.x86_64                                              3.4.5-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libsbc.x86_64                                                     1.4-9.an8                                                         AppStream 
libscrypt.x86_64                                                  1.21-10.el8                                                       epel      
libscrypt-devel.x86_64                                            1.21-10.el8                                                       epel      
libseccomp-devel.x86_64                                           2.5.2-1.0.4.an8                                                   AppStream 
libsecret.x86_64                                                  0.20.4-4.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libsecret-devel.x86_64                                            0.20.4-4.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libsecret-doc.noarch                                              0.20.4-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libselinux-devel.x86_64                                           2.9-8.an8                                                         BaseOS    
libselinux-ruby.x86_64                                            2.9-8.an8                                                         AppStream 
libselinux-static.x86_64                                          2.9-8.an8                                                         AppStream 
libsemanage-devel.x86_64                                          2.9-9.an8_6                                                       AppStream 
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                             2.9-3.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libsepol-static.x86_64                                            2.9-3.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libserf.x86_64                                                    1.3.9-9.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                             AppStream 
libserializer.noarch                                              1.1.2-18.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libserializer-doc.noarch                                          1.1.2-18.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libsexpp.x86_64                                                   0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libsexpp-devel.x86_64                                             0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libshaderc.x86_64                                                 2023.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libshaderc-devel.x86_64                                           2023.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libshaderc-static.x86_64                                          2023.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libshout.x86_64                                                   2.4.3-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libshout-devel.x86_64                                             2.4.3-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libsidplayfp.x86_64                                               1.8.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
libsidplayfp-devel.x86_64                                         1.8.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
libsidplayfp-devel-doc.noarch                                     1.8.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
libsigc++20.x86_64                                                2.10.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libsigc++20-devel.x86_64                                          2.10.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libsigc++20-doc.noarch                                            2.10.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
libsignal-protocol-c.x86_64                                       2.3.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
libsignal-protocol-c-devel.x86_64                                 2.3.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
libsigsegv-devel.x86_64                                           2.11-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libsigsegv-doc.noarch                                             2.11-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libslirp-devel.x86_64                                             4.4.0-1.module+an8.7.0+11008+881d4b66                             AppStream 
libslopy.x86_64                                                   7.6-5.el8                                                         epel      
libslopy-devel.x86_64                                             7.6-5.el8                                                         epel      
libslz.x86_64                                                     1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libslz-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libsmartcols-devel.x86_64                                         2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                               4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libsmbclient-devel.x86_64                                         4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libsmbios.x86_64                                                  2.4.1-2.el8                                                       BaseOS    
libsmi.x86_64                                                     0.4.8-23.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libsmi-devel.x86_64                                               0.4.8-23.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libsmi-doc.noarch                                                 0.4.8-23.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libsndfile.x86_64                                                 1.0.28-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libsndfile-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.28-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libsndfile-doc.noarch                                             1.0.28-13.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libsodium.x86_64                                                  1.0.18-2.el8                                                      epel      
libsodium-devel.x86_64                                            1.0.18-2.el8                                                      epel      
libsodium-static.x86_64                                           1.0.18-2.el8                                                      epel      
libsolv-devel.x86_64                                              0.7.20-4.an8                                                      PowerTools
libsolv-tools.x86_64                                              0.7.20-4.an8                                                      PowerTools
libsoup.x86_64                                                    2.62.3-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libsoup-devel.x86_64                                              2.62.3-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libsoup-doc.noarch                                                2.62.3-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libspatialaudio.x86_64                                            3.1-1.20200406gitd926a2e.el8                                      epel      
libspatialaudio-devel.x86_64                                      3.1-1.20200406gitd926a2e.el8                                      epel      
libspatialite.x86_64                                              5.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libspatialite-devel.x86_64                                        5.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libspectre.x86_64                                                 0.2.9-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libspectre-devel.x86_64                                           0.2.9-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
libspf2.x86_64                                                    1.2.11-11.20210922git4915c308.el8                                 epel      
libspf2-apidocs.noarch                                            1.2.11-11.20210922git4915c308.el8                                 epel      
libspf2-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.11-11.20210922git4915c308.el8                                 epel      
libspf2-progs.x86_64                                              1.2.11-11.20210922git4915c308.el8                                 epel      
libsphinxclient.x86_64                                            2.2.11-15.el8                                                     epel      
libsphinxclient-devel.x86_64                                      2.2.11-15.el8                                                     epel      
libspiro.x86_64                                                   20200505-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
libspnav.x86_64                                                   0.2.3-13.el8                                                      epel      
libspnav-devel.x86_64                                             0.2.3-13.el8                                                      epel      
libsq3.x86_64                                                     20071018-26.el8                                                   epel      
libsq3-devel.x86_64                                               20071018-26.el8                                                   epel      
libsqlite3x.x86_64                                                20071018-26.el8                                                   epel      
libsqlite3x-devel.x86_64                                          20071018-26.el8                                                   epel      
libsquish.x86_64                                                  1.15-4.el8                                                        epel      
libsquish-devel.x86_64                                            1.15-4.el8                                                        epel      
libsrtp.x86_64                                                    2.3.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libsrtp-devel.x86_64                                              2.3.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
libss-devel.x86_64                                                1.46.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libss7.x86_64                                                     2.0.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
libss7-devel.x86_64                                               2.0.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
libssh.x86_64                                                     0.9.6-10.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libssh-config.noarch                                              0.9.6-10.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libssh-devel.x86_64                                               0.9.6-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
libssh-doc.noarch                                                 0.9.6-10.an8                                                      PowerTools
libssh2.x86_64                                                    1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
libssh2-devel.x86_64                                              1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
libssh2-docs.noarch                                               1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                              2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                             2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                               2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                           2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libsss_nss_idmap-devel.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libsss_simpleifp.x86_64                                           2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                                2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstaroffice.x86_64                                              0.0.7-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
libstaroffice-doc.noarch                                          0.0.7-5.an8                                                       PowerTools
libstdc++-docs.x86_64                                             8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
libstdc++-static.x86_64                                           8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  AppStream 
libstemmer.x86_64                                                 0-10.585svn.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
libstemmer-devel.x86_64                                           0-10.585svn.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
libstemmer-doc.noarch                                             0-10.585svn.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                             1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-arcconf-plugin.noarch                              1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-devel.x86_64                                       1.9.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin.noarch                                 1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-local-plugin.noarch                                1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin.noarch                             1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin.noarch                                 1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-udev.x86_64                                        1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libstorj.x86_64                                                   1.0.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
libstorj-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
libstrophe.x86_64                                                 0.12.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libstrophe-devel.x86_64                                           0.12.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libstrophe-doc.noarch                                             0.12.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
libsvm.x86_64                                                     3.23-7.el8                                                        epel      
libsvm-devel.x86_64                                               3.23-7.el8                                                        epel      
libsvm-java.x86_64                                                3.23-7.el8                                                        epel      
libsvm-javadoc.noarch                                             3.23-7.el8                                                        epel      
libsvm-svm-toy-qt.x86_64                                          3.23-7.el8                                                        epel      
libsysfs.x86_64                                                   2.1.0-25.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libsysfs-devel.x86_64                                             2.1.0-25.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libsysprof.x86_64                                                 3.40.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libsysprof-ui.x86_64                                              3.40.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libtalloc.x86_64                                                  2.3.4-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libtalloc-devel.x86_64                                            2.3.4-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libtar.x86_64                                                     1.2.20-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libtar-doc.noarch                                                 1.2.20-17.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                                             4.13-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libtasn1-doc.noarch                                               4.13-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                                             4.13-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libtdb.x86_64                                                     1.4.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libtdb-devel.x86_64                                               1.4.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libtdb-doc.noarch                                                 1.4.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libteam.x86_64                                                    1.31-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libteam-doc.x86_64                                                1.31-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
libtelnet.x86_64                                                  0.23-1.el8                                                        epel      
libtelnet-devel.x86_64                                            0.23-1.el8                                                        epel      
libtelnet-utils.x86_64                                            0.23-1.el8                                                        epel      
libtermkey.x86_64                                                 0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
libtermkey-devel.x86_64                                           0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
libtevent.x86_64                                                  0.13.0-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libtevent-devel.x86_64                                            0.13.0-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libthai-devel.x86_64                                              0.1.28-8.an8                                                      AppStream 
libtheora.x86_64                                                  1:1.1.1-21.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libtheora-devel.x86_64                                            1:1.1.1-21.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libtheora-doc.noarch                                              1:1.1.1-21.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libticables.x86_64                                                1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libticables-doc.noarch                                            1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libticalcs.x86_64                                                 1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libticalcs-doc.noarch                                             1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libticonv.x86_64                                                  1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libticonv-doc.noarch                                              1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libtidy.x86_64                                                    5.6.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
libtidy-devel.x86_64                                              5.6.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                              4.4.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libtiff-static.x86_64                                             4.4.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libtiff-tools.x86_64                                              4.4.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libtifiles.x86_64                                                 1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libtifiles-doc.noarch                                             1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
libtiger.x86_64                                                   0.3.4-18.el8                                                      epel      
libtiger-devel.x86_64                                             0.3.4-18.el8                                                      epel      
libtiger-doc.noarch                                               0.3.4-18.el8                                                      epel      
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                             0.4.5.1-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
libtimidity.x86_64                                                0.2.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
libtimidity-devel.x86_64                                          0.2.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
libtirpc-devel.x86_64                                             1.3.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libtirpc-doc.noarch                                               1.3.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libtomcrypt.x86_64                                                1.18.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
libtomcrypt-devel.x86_64                                          1.18.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
libtommath.x86_64                                                 1.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
libtommath-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
libtommath-doc.noarch                                             1.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
libtool-doc.noarch                                                2.4.6-25.0.3.an8                                                  PowerTools
libtool-ltdl-devel.x86_64                                         2.4.6-25.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
libtorrent.x86_64                                                 0.13.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
libtorrent-devel.x86_64                                           0.13.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
libtpms.x86_64                                                    0.9.1-2.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd       AppStream 
libtpms-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.1-2.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd       AppStream 
libtraceevent.x86_64                                              1.5.3-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libtraceevent-devel.x86_64                                        1.5.3-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
libtracefs.x86_64                                                 1.3.1-2.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                                          3.1.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libtree-ldd.x86_64                                                3.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libtree-sitter.x86_64                                             0.20.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libtree-sitter-devel.x86_64                                       0.20.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
libtsan.x86_64                                                    8.5.0-18.0.4.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libtsan2.x86_64                                                   12.2.1-7.4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libuInputPlus.x86_64                                              0.1.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
libuInputPlus-devel.x86_64                                        0.1.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
libucil.x86_64                                                    0.9.10-16.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libucil-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.10-16.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libudfread.x86_64                                                 1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libudfread-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
libudisks2.x86_64                                                 2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libudisks2-devel.x86_64                                           2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libuecc.x86_64                                                    7-9.el8                                                           epel      
libuecc-devel.x86_64                                              7-9.el8                                                           epel      
libuev.x86_64                                                     2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libuev-devel.x86_64                                               2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libunicap.x86_64                                                  0.9.12-21.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
libunicap-devel.x86_64                                            0.9.12-21.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
libunicap-doc.noarch                                              0.9.12-21.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
libunicapgtk.x86_64                                               0.9.8-24.el8                                                      epel      
libunicapgtk-devel.x86_64                                         0.9.8-24.el8                                                      epel      
libuninameslist.x86_64                                            20170701-4.an8                                                    AppStream 
libunistring-devel.x86_64                                         0.9.9-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libunistring-doc.noarch                                           0.9.9-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libunwind.x86_64                                                  1.3.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
libunwind-devel.x86_64                                            1.3.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
libupnp.x86_64                                                    1.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
libupnp-devel.x86_64                                              1.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
liburing.x86_64                                                   1.0.7-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
liburing-devel.x86_64                                             1.0.7-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libusal.x86_64                                                    1.1.11-39.el8                                                     AppStream 
libusb.x86_64                                                     1:0.1.7-5.an8                                                     BaseOS    
libusb-devel.x86_64                                               1:0.1.7-5.an8                                                     AppStream 
libusbauth-configparser.x86_64                                    1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libusbauth-configparser-devel.x86_64                              1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                                 2.0.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
libusbmuxd-devel.x86_64                                           2.0.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
libusbx-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.23-4.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libusbx-devel-doc.noarch                                          1.0.23-4.an8                                                      PowerTools
libuser.x86_64                                                    0.62-25.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
libuser-devel.x86_64                                              0.62-25.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libuser-doc.noarch                                                0.62-25.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libutempter-devel.x86_64                                          1.1.6-14.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libutempter-doc.noarch                                            1.1.6-14.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                              2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
libuv.x86_64                                                      1:1.42.0-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libuv-devel.x86_64                                                1:1.42.0-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libv3270.x86_64                                                   5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
libv3270-devel.x86_64                                             5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
libv3270-doc.noarch                                               5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
libv4l.x86_64                                                     1.14.2-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
libv4l-devel.x86_64                                               1.14.2-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
libva.x86_64                                                      2.13.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libva-devel.x86_64                                                2.13.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libva-doc.noarch                                                  2.13.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libva-utils.x86_64                                                2.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
libva-vdpau-driver.x86_64                                         0.7.4-106.el8                                                     epel      
libvala.x86_64                                                    0.48.19-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libvala-devel.x86_64                                              0.48.19-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libvarlink.x86_64                                                 18-3.0.1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libvarlink-devel.x86_64                                           18-3.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libvarlink-doc.noarch                                             18-3.0.1.an8                                                      PowerTools
libvarlink-util.x86_64                                            18-3.0.1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
libvdpau.x86_64                                                   1.4-2.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libvdpau-devel.x86_64                                             1.4-2.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
libverto-devel.x86_64                                             0.3.2-2.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libverto-libev.x86_64                                             0.3.2-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
libverto-libevent.x86_64                                          0.3.2-2.an8                                                       BaseOS    
libvirt.x86_64                                                    8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-client.x86_64                                             8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                             8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                              8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                             8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64                            8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                              8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                              8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                             8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                                 8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                               8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                              8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64                         8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64                         8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64                      8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64                        8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi-direct.x86_64                 8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64                      8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64                        8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64                          8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64                         8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                                         8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-dbus.x86_64                                               1.3.0-2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                             AppStream 
libvirt-devel.x86_64                                              8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-docs.x86_64                                               8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                                            4.0.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                               4.0.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                                            4.0.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                               8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-lock-sanlock.x86_64                                       8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-nss.x86_64                                                8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvirt-wireshark.x86_64                                          8.0.0-21.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
libvisio.x86_64                                                   0.1.7-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
libvisio-devel.x86_64                                             0.1.7-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
libvisio-doc.noarch                                               0.1.7-9.an8                                                       PowerTools
libvisual.x86_64                                                  1:0.4.0-25.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libvisual-devel.x86_64                                            1:0.4.0-25.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libvisual-doc.noarch                                              1:0.4.0-25.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
libvkd3d.x86_64                                                   1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
libvkd3d-devel.x86_64                                             1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
libvkd3d-shader.x86_64                                            1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
libvkd3d-shader-devel.x86_64                                      1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
libvkd3d-utils.x86_64                                             1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
libvkd3d-utils-devel.x86_64                                       1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
libvma.x86_64                                                     9.6.4-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libvmaf.x86_64                                                    1.3.15-2.el8                                                      epel      
libvmaf-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.15-2.el8                                                      epel      
libvmem.x86_64                                                    1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libvmem-debug.x86_64                                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libvmem-devel.x86_64                                              1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libvmmalloc.x86_64                                                1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libvmmalloc-debug.x86_64                                          1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libvmmalloc-devel.x86_64                                          1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libvncserver.x86_64                                               0.9.11-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libvncserver-devel.x86_64                                         0.9.11-17.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libvncserver-doc.noarch                                           0.9.11-17.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libvoikko.x86_64                                                  4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libvoikko-devel.x86_64                                            4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libvoikko-doc.noarch                                              4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libvorbis.x86_64                                                  1:1.3.7-5.an8                                                     AppStream 
libvorbis-devel.x86_64                                            1:1.3.7-5.an8                                                     AppStream 
libvorbis-devel-docs.noarch                                       1:1.3.7-5.an8                                                     AppStream 
libvpx.x86_64                                                     1.7.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libvpx-devel.x86_64                                               1.7.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libvpx-doc.noarch                                                 1.7.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
libvterm.x86_64                                                   0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
libvterm-devel.x86_64                                             0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
libvterm-tools.x86_64                                             0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
libwacom.x86_64                                                   1.12.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwacom-data.noarch                                              1.12.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwacom-devel.x86_64                                             1.12.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwayland-client.x86_64                                          1.21.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                                          1.21.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                             1.21.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwayland-server.x86_64                                          1.21.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwbclient.x86_64                                                4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libwbclient-devel.x86_64                                          4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libwbxml.x86_64                                                   0.11.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
libwbxml-devel.x86_64                                             0.11.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libwebsockets.x86_64                                              4.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
libwebsockets-devel.x86_64                                        4.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
libwhirlpool.x86_64                                               1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
libwhirlpool-devel.x86_64                                         1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
libwinpr.x86_64                                                   2:2.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libwinpr-devel.x86_64                                             2:2.2.0-10.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
libwmf.x86_64                                                     0.2.12-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libwmf-devel.x86_64                                               0.2.12-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                                0.2.12-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libwnck3.x86_64                                                   40.0-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libwnck3-devel.x86_64                                             40.0-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
libwpd.x86_64                                                     0.10.3-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libwpd-devel.x86_64                                               0.10.3-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libwpd-doc.noarch                                                 0.10.3-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
libwpe.x86_64                                                     1.10.0-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwpe-devel.x86_64                                               1.10.0-4.an8                                                      PowerTools
libwpg.x86_64                                                     0.3.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libwpg-devel.x86_64                                               0.3.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libwpg-doc.noarch                                                 0.3.3-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
libwps.x86_64                                                     0.4.12-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwps-devel.x86_64                                               0.4.12-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwps-doc.noarch                                                 0.4.12-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
libwsman-devel.x86_64                                             2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
libwsman1.x86_64                                                  2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
libx86.x86_64                                                     1.1-30.el8                                                        epel      
libx86-devel.x86_64                                               1.1-30.el8                                                        epel      
libx86emu.x86_64                                                  3.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
libx86emu-devel.x86_64                                            3.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
libxc.x86_64                                                      4.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libxc-devel.x86_64                                                4.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                               1.13.1-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
libxcb-doc.noarch                                                 1.13.1-1.el8                                                      PowerTools
libxcrypt-doc.noarch                                              4.1.1-6.0.3.an8                                                   PowerTools
libxcrypt-static.x86_64                                           4.1.1-6.0.3.an8                                                   AppStream 
libxdo.x86_64                                                     1:3.20150503.1-10.el8                                             epel      
libxdo-devel.x86_64                                               1:3.20150503.1-10.el8                                             epel      
libxdp.x86_64                                                     1.2.10-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libxdp-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.10-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libxdp-static.x86_64                                              1.2.10-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                                 4.16.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
libxfce4ui-devel.x86_64                                           4.16.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
libxfce4util.x86_64                                               4.16.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
libxfce4util-devel.x86_64                                         4.16.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.3-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                                           1.0.3-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libxkbcommon-x11-devel.x86_64                                     1.0.3-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                                 1.1.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
libxkbfile-devel.x86_64                                           1.1.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
libxklavier.x86_64                                                5.4-11.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libxklavier-devel.x86_64                                          5.4-11.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
libxklavier-doc.noarch                                            5.4-11.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
libxml++.x86_64                                                   2.40.1-10.el8                                                     epel      
libxml++-devel.x86_64                                             2.40.1-10.el8                                                     epel      
libxml++-doc.noarch                                               2.40.1-10.el8                                                     epel      
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                              2.9.7-17.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
libxmlb.x86_64                                                    0.1.15-1.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
libxmlb-devel.x86_64                                              0.1.15-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
libxmlb-doc.noarch                                                0.1.15-1.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
libxmp.x86_64                                                     4.4.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
libxmp-devel.x86_64                                               4.4.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
libxo.x86_64                                                      1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libxo-devel.x86_64                                                1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
libxshmfence.x86_64                                               1.3-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                                         1.3-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                              1.1.32-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
libxsmm.x86_64                                                    1.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
libxsmm-devel.x86_64                                              1.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
libxsmm-doc.noarch                                                1.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
libyami.x86_64                                                    1.3.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
libyaml-devel.x86_64                                              0.1.7-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
libyang.x86_64                                                    1.0.184-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
libyang-devel-doc.noarch                                          1.0.184-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
libyubikey.x86_64                                                 1.13-11.el8                                                       epel      
libyubikey-devel.x86_64                                           1.13-11.el8                                                       epel      
libyuv.x86_64                                                     0-0.45.20201024git19d71f6.el8                                     epel      
libyuv-devel.x86_64                                               0-0.45.20201024git19d71f6.el8                                     epel      
libzen.x86_64                                                     0.4.41-1.el8                                                      epel      
libzen-devel.x86_64                                               0.4.41-1.el8                                                      epel      
libzen-doc.noarch                                                 0.4.41-1.el8                                                      epel      
libzhuyin.x86_64                                                  2.6.0-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
libzip.x86_64                                                     1.5.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                             AppStream 
libzip-devel.x86_64                                               1.5.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                             AppStream 
libzip-tools.x86_64                                               1.5.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                             AppStream 
libzmf.x86_64                                                     0.0.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
libzmf-doc.noarch                                                 0.0.2-3.el8                                                       PowerTools
libzrtpcpp.x86_64                                                 4.6.6-15.el8                                                      epel      
libzrtpcpp-devel.x86_64                                           4.6.6-15.el8                                                      epel      
lightdm.x86_64                                                    1.30.0-18.el8                                                     epel      
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                                            1.30.0-18.el8                                                     epel      
lightdm-gobject-devel.x86_64                                      1.30.0-18.el8                                                     epel      
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                                                2.0.8-4.el8                                                       epel      
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.noarch                               1.2.2-19.el8                                                      epel      
lightdm-qt5.x86_64                                                1.30.0-18.el8                                                     epel      
lightdm-qt5-devel.x86_64                                          1.30.0-18.el8                                                     epel      
lightdm-settings.noarch                                           1.5.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
lighttpd.x86_64                                                   1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-fastcgi.x86_64                                           1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-filesystem.noarch                                        1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_authn_dbi.x86_64                                     1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_authn_gssapi.x86_64                                  1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_authn_ldap.x86_64                                    1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_authn_pam.x86_64                                     1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_authn_sasl.x86_64                                    1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_deflate.x86_64                                       1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_gnutls.x86_64                                        1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_magnet.x86_64                                        1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_maxminddb.x86_64                                     1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_mbedtls.x86_64                                       1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_nss.x86_64                                           1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_openssl.x86_64                                       1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_vhostdb_dbi.x86_64                                   1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_vhostdb_ldap.x86_64                                  1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_vhostdb_mysql.x86_64                                 1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_vhostdb_pgsql.x86_64                                 1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
lighttpd-mod_webdav.x86_64                                        1.4.67-1.el8                                                      epel      
limnoria.noarch                                                   20210411-1.el8                                                    epel      
linenoise.x86_64                                                  1.0-1.20200312git97d2850.el8                                      epel      
linenoise-devel.x86_64                                            1.0-1.20200312git97d2850.el8                                      epel      
linux-firmware.noarch                                             20230404-117.git2e92a49f.an8                                      BaseOS    
linuxconsoletools.x86_64                                          1.6.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
linuxdoc-tools.x86_64                                             0.9.72-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
linuxptp.x86_64                                                   3.1.1-3.an8.2                                                     AppStream 
lirc-compat.x86_64                                                0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-config.noarch                                                0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-core.x86_64                                                  0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-devel.x86_64                                                 0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-disable-kernel-rc.noarch                                     0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-doc.noarch                                                   0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-drv-ftdi.x86_64                                              0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-drv-irman.x86_64                                             1:0.5.2-10.el8                                                    epel      
lirc-drv-portaudio.x86_64                                         0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-libs.x86_64                                                  0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
lirc-tools-gui.x86_64                                             0.10.0-19.el8                                                     epel      
livecd-iso-to-mediums.x86_64                                      31.0-1.el8                                                        epel      
livecd-tools.x86_64                                               31.0-1.el8                                                        epel      
livesys-scripts.noarch                                            0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
lklug-fonts.noarch                                                0.6-17.20090803cvs.el8                                            AppStream 
lksctp-tools-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.18-3.el8                                                      BaseOS    
lksctp-tools-doc.x86_64                                           1.0.18-3.el8                                                      PowerTools
lld.x86_64                                                        15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
lld-devel.x86_64                                                  15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
lld-libs.x86_64                                                   15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
lldb.x86_64                                                       15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
lldb-devel.x86_64                                                 15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
lldpad.x86_64                                                     1.0.1-19.git036e314.0.1.an8                                       BaseOS    
lldpd.x86_64                                                      1.0.4-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
lldpd-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.4-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
llvm.x86_64                                                       15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-devel.x86_64                                                 15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-doc.noarch                                                   15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-googletest.x86_64                                            15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-libs.x86_64                                                  15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-static.x86_64                                                15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-test.x86_64                                                  15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
llvm-toolset.x86_64                                               15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
llvm14.x86_64                                                     14.0.5-6.el8                                                      epel      
llvm14-devel.x86_64                                               14.0.5-6.el8                                                      epel      
llvm14-doc.noarch                                                 14.0.5-6.el8                                                      epel      
llvm14-libs.x86_64                                                14.0.5-6.el8                                                      epel      
llvm14-static.x86_64                                              14.0.5-6.el8                                                      epel      
llvm5.0.x86_64                                                    5.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm5.0-devel.x86_64                                              5.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm5.0-doc.noarch                                                5.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm5.0-libs.x86_64                                               5.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm5.0-static.x86_64                                             5.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm6.0.x86_64                                                    6.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm6.0-devel.x86_64                                              6.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm6.0-doc.noarch                                                6.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm6.0-libs.x86_64                                               6.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm6.0-static.x86_64                                             6.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm7.0.x86_64                                                    7.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm7.0-devel.x86_64                                              7.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm7.0-doc.noarch                                                7.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm7.0-libs.x86_64                                               7.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
llvm7.0-static.x86_64                                             7.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
lm_sensors.x86_64                                                 3.6.0-10.an8                                                      BaseOS    
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                                           3.6.0-10.an8                                                      BaseOS    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                            3.6.0-10.an8                                                      BaseOS    
lm_sensors-sensord.x86_64                                         3.6.0-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
lmdb.x86_64                                                       0.9.24-3.el8                                                      epel      
lmdb-devel.x86_64                                                 0.9.24-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
lmdb-doc.noarch                                                   0.9.24-3.el8                                                      epel      
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                                  0.9.24-2.an8                                                      BaseOS    
lmfit.x86_64                                                      8.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
lmfit-devel.x86_64                                                8.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
lnav.x86_64                                                       0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
lockdev.x86_64                                                    1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                                        BaseOS    
lockdev-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                                        AppStream 
lockfile-progs.x86_64                                             0.1.17-13.el8                                                     epel      
log4c.x86_64                                                      1.2.4-20.el8                                                      epel      
log4c-devel.x86_64                                                1.2.4-20.el8                                                      epel      
log4c-doc.noarch                                                  1.2.4-20.el8                                                      epel      
log4cplus.x86_64                                                  1.2.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
log4cplus-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
log4cpp.x86_64                                                    1.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
log4cpp-devel.x86_64                                              1.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
log4cpp-doc.x86_64                                                1.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
log4cxx.x86_64                                                    0.10.0-31.el8                                                     epel      
log4cxx-devel.x86_64                                              0.10.0-31.el8                                                     epel      
log4cxx-doc.noarch                                                0.10.0-31.el8                                                     epel      
log4net.x86_64                                                    2.0.8-10.el8                                                      epel      
log4net-devel.x86_64                                              2.0.8-10.el8                                                      epel      
logcheck.noarch                                                   1.3.18-11.el8                                                     epel      
logrotate.x86_64                                                  3.14.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
logwatch.noarch                                                   7.5.5-4.an8                                                       BaseOS    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                                       2.91.5-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                                        2.91.5-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                                     2.95.5-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                                       2.92.4-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                                       2.91.2-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                                        2.5.4-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
lohit-malayalam-fonts.noarch                                      2.92.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lohit-malayalam-fonts-doc.noarch                                  2.92.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                                        2.94.2-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lohit-marathi-fonts-doc.noarch                                    2.94.2-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lohit-nepali-fonts.noarch                                         2.94.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lohit-nepali-fonts-doc.noarch                                     2.94.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                                           2.91.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lohit-odia-fonts-doc.noarch                                       2.91.2-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                                          2.91.3-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
lohit-tamil-fonts-doc.noarch                                      2.91.3-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                                         2.5.5-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lohit-telugu-fonts-doc.noarch                                     2.5.5-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
lollypop.noarch                                                   1.1.97.3-1.el8                                                    epel      
lorax.x86_64                                                      28.14.70-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
lorax-composer.x86_64                                             28.14.70-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
lorax-lmc-novirt.x86_64                                           28.14.70-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
lorax-lmc-virt.x86_64                                             28.14.70-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
lorax-templates-anolis.noarch                                     8.3-4.15.an8                                                      AppStream 
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                                    28.14.70-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
loudmouth.x86_64                                                  1.5.3-9.el8                                                       epel      
loudmouth-devel.x86_64                                            1.5.3-9.el8                                                       epel      
love.x86_64                                                       11.3-1.el8                                                        epel      
lpf.noarch                                                        0.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
lpsolve.x86_64                                                    5.5.2.0-21.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
lpsolve-devel.x86_64                                              5.5.2.0-21.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
lpsolve-doc.noarch                                                5.5.2.0-21.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
lrzsz.x86_64                                                      0.12.20-43.el8                                                    BaseOS    
lshw.x86_64                                                       B.02.19.2-6.0.2.an8                                               BaseOS    
lshw-doc.noarch                                                   B.02.19.2-6.0.2.an8                                               PowerTools
lshw-gui.x86_64                                                   B.02.19.2-6.0.2.an8                                               AppStream 
lskat.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
lsof-doc.noarch                                                   4.93.2-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
lsp-plugins.x86_64                                                1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
lsp-plugins-doc.noarch                                            1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
lsp-plugins-jack.x86_64                                           1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
lsp-plugins-ladspa.x86_64                                         1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
lsp-plugins-lv2.x86_64                                            1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
lsp-plugins-vst.x86_64                                            1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
lsscsi.x86_64                                                     0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
lsscsi-doc.noarch                                                 0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
lsyncd.x86_64                                                     2.2.2-9.el8                                                       epel      
lttng-tools.x86_64                                                2.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
lttng-tools-devel.x86_64                                          2.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
lttng-ust.x86_64                                                  2.8.1-11.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
lttng-ust-devel.x86_64                                            2.8.1-11.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
lttng-ust-doc.noarch                                              2.8.1-11.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
lua-alt-getopt.noarch                                             0.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
lua-basexx.noarch                                                 0.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
lua-binaryheap.noarch                                             0.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
lua-bit32.x86_64                                                  5.3.5.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
lua-cqueues.x86_64                                                20190813-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua-cqueues-doc.noarch                                            20190813-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua-cyrussasl.x86_64                                              1.1.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
lua-dbi.x86_64                                                    0.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
lua-devel.x86_64                                                  5.3.4-12.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
lua-doc.noarch                                                    5.3.4-12.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
lua-event.x86_64                                                  0.4.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
lua-expat.x86_64                                                  1.3.0-12.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
lua-expat-doc.noarch                                              1.3.0-12.0.1.an8.1                                                PowerTools
lua-fifo.noarch                                                   0.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
lua-filesystem.x86_64                                             1.6.3-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
lua-guestfs.x86_64                                                1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
lua-http.noarch                                                   0.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
lua-http-doc.noarch                                               0.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
lua-json.noarch                                                   1.3.2-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lua-json-doc.noarch                                               1.3.2-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
lua-ldap.x86_64                                                   1.1.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
lua-ldap-compat.x86_64                                            1.1.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                                   1.0.1-6.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lua-lpeg-doc.noarch                                               1.0.1-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
lua-lpeg-patterns.noarch                                          0.5-4.el8                                                         epel      
lua-luaossl.x86_64                                                20190731-1.el8                                                    epel      
lua-luaossl-doc.noarch                                            20190731-1.el8                                                    epel      
lua-lunit.noarch                                                  0.5-13.el8                                                        AppStream 
lua-luv.x86_64                                                    1.42.0.1-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua-luv-devel.x86_64                                              1.42.0.1-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua-lxc.x86_64                                                    3.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
lua-mmdb.noarch                                                   0.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
lua-mpack.x86_64                                                  1.0.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
lua-prelude.x86_64                                                5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
lua-readline.x86_64                                               3.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
lua-sec.x86_64                                                    1.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
lua-socket.x86_64                                                 3.0-0.17.rc1.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
lua-socket-doc.noarch                                             3.0-0.17.rc1.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                                            1-3.el8                                                           epel      
lua-term.x86_64                                                   0.07-9.el8                                                        epel      
lua-unbound.x86_64                                                1.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
lua5.1-basexx.noarch                                              0.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
lua5.1-binaryheap.noarch                                          0.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
lua5.1-bit32.x86_64                                               5.3.5.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
lua5.1-bitop.x86_64                                               1.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
lua5.1-compat53.x86_64                                            0.7-3.el8                                                         epel      
lua5.1-cqueues.x86_64                                             20190813-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua5.1-fifo.noarch                                                0.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
lua5.1-http.noarch                                                0.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
lua5.1-lpeg.x86_64                                                1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
lua5.1-lpeg-patterns.noarch                                       0.5-4.el8                                                         epel      
lua5.1-luaossl.x86_64                                             20190731-1.el8                                                    epel      
lua5.1-luv.x86_64                                                 1.42.0.1-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua5.1-luv-devel.x86_64                                           1.42.0.1-3.el8                                                    epel      
lua5.1-mmdb.noarch                                                0.2-2.el8                                                         epel      
lua5.1-mpack.x86_64                                               1.0.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
luajit.x86_64                                                     2.1.0-0.16beta3.el8                                               epel      
luajit-devel.x86_64                                               2.1.0-0.16beta3.el8                                               epel      
luajit2.1-luv.x86_64                                              1.42.0.1-3.el8                                                    epel      
luajit2.1-luv-devel.x86_64                                        1.42.0.1-3.el8                                                    epel      
luarocks.noarch                                                   3.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
lucene.noarch                                                     8.4.1-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
lucene-analysis.noarch                                            8.4.1-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
lucene-analyzers-smartcn.noarch                                   8.4.1-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
lucene-queries.noarch                                             8.4.1-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
lucene-queryparser.noarch                                         8.4.1-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
lucene-sandbox.noarch                                             8.4.1-5.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
luksmeta.x86_64                                                   9-4.el8                                                           AppStream 
lv2.x86_64                                                        1.18.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
lv2-devel.x86_64                                                  1.18.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
lv2-doc.noarch                                                    1.18.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
lv2-example-plugins.x86_64                                        1.18.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                                 8:2.03.14-9.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
lvm2-devel.x86_64                                                 8:2.03.14-9.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
lvm2-lockd.x86_64                                                 8:2.03.14-9.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
lxc.x86_64                                                        3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
lxc-devel.x86_64                                                  3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
lxc-doc.noarch                                                    3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
lxc-libs.x86_64                                                   3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
lxc-templates.x86_64                                              3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
lxcfs.x86_64                                                      3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
lxi-tools.x86_64                                                  2.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
lynis.noarch                                                      3.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
lynx.x86_64                                                       2.8.9-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
lyx.x86_64                                                        2.3.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
lyx-common.noarch                                                 2.3.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
lyx-fonts.noarch                                                  2.3.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
lz4.x86_64                                                        1.8.3-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
lz4-devel.x86_64                                                  1.8.3-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
lz4-java.x86_64                                                   1.7.1-14.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                            AppStream 
lz4-java-javadoc.noarch                                           1.7.1-14.module+an8.5.0+10615+77f19fad                            AppStream 
lzip.x86_64                                                       1.21-1.el8                                                        epel      
lzo-devel.x86_64                                                  2.08-14.el8                                                       BaseOS    
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                                2.08-14.el8                                                       BaseOS    
lzop.x86_64                                                       1.03-20.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
lzop-doc.noarch                                                   1.03-20.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
m17n-db.noarch                                                    1.8.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
m17n-db-doc.noarch                                                1.8.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
m17n-lib.x86_64                                                   1.8.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
m17n-lib-doc.noarch                                               1.8.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
m4-doc.noarch                                                     1.4.18-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
mac-robber.x86_64                                                 1.02-19.el8                                                       epel      
mackup.noarch                                                     0.8.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
madan-fonts.noarch                                                2.000-20.el8                                                      AppStream 
maddy-devel.x86_64                                                1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
maeparser.x86_64                                                  1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
maeparser-devel.x86_64                                            1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mailcap.noarch                                                    2.1.48-3.el8                                                      BaseOS    
maildrop.x86_64                                                   3.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
mailman.x86_64                                                    3:2.1.29-12.module+an8.7.0+10964+919ba368.2                       AppStream 
mailx.x86_64                                                      12.5-29.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
mailx-doc.noarch                                                  12.5-29.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
make-devel.x86_64                                                 1:4.2.1-11.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
make-doc.noarch                                                   1:4.2.1-11.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
makeself.noarch                                                   2.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
malaga.x86_64                                                     7.12-23.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
malaga-doc.noarch                                                 7.12-23.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
malaga-suomi-voikko.x86_64                                        1.19-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
malaga-suomi-voikko-doc.noarch                                    1.19-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
maliit-framework.x86_64                                           2.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
maliit-framework-devel.x86_64                                     2.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
maliit-framework-docs.x86_64                                      2.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
maliit-framework-examples.x86_64                                  2.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
maliit-framework-gtk3.x86_64                                      2.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
maliit-framework-qt5.x86_64                                       2.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
maliit-keyboard.x86_64                                            2.0.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mallard-rng.noarch                                                1.1.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
man-db-cron.noarch                                                2.7.6.1-18.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
man-db-doc.noarch                                                 2.7.6.1-18.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
man-pages.x86_64                                                  4.15-7.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
man-pages-doc.noarch                                              4.15-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
man-pages-overrides.noarch                                        8.6.0.0-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
man2html.x86_64                                                   1.6-24.g.el8                                                      epel      
man2html-core.x86_64                                              1.6-24.g.el8                                                      epel      
mandoc.x86_64                                                     1.14.5-13.el8                                                     epel      
marble.x86_64                                                     1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-astro.x86_64                                               1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-astro-devel.x86_64                                         1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-common.noarch                                              1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-qt.x86_64                                                  1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-widget-data.noarch                                         1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-widget-qt5.x86_64                                          1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marble-widget-qt5-devel.x86_64                                    1:22.04.1-1.el8                                                   epel      
marco.x86_64                                                      1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
marco-devel.x86_64                                                1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
marco-libs.x86_64                                                 1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mariadb.x86_64                                                    3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                             3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-common.x86_64                                             3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                                        3.2.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                                 3.2.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                                  3.2.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c-doc.noarch                                    3.2.6-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
mariadb-connector-odbc.x86_64                                     3.1.12-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
mariadb-devel.x86_64                                              3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                                           3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-embedded-devel.x86_64                                     3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                             3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                                      3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-java-client.noarch                                        2.7.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
mariadb-oqgraph-engine.x86_64                                     3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-server.x86_64                                             3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-server-galera.x86_64                                      3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                                       3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
mariadb-test.x86_64                                               3:10.3.35-1.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10982+83ad771d                     AppStream 
marisa.x86_64                                                     0.2.4-36.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
marisa-doc.noarch                                                 0.2.4-36.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
marked.noarch                                                     1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
masscan.x86_64                                                    1.3.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
matchbox-window-manager.x86_64                                    1.2-23.20070628svn.0.2.an8                                        AppStream 
matchbox-window-manager-doc.noarch                                1.2-23.20070628svn.0.2.an8                                        PowerTools
mate-applets.x86_64                                               1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-backgrounds.noarch                                           1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
mate-calc.x86_64                                                  1.24.2-3.el8                                                      epel      
mate-common.noarch                                                1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
mate-control-center.x86_64                                        1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-control-center-devel.x86_64                                  1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-control-center-filesystem.x86_64                             1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-desktop.x86_64                                               1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-desktop-configs.noarch                                       1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-desktop-devel.x86_64                                         1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-desktop-libs.x86_64                                          1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-dictionary.x86_64                                            1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-disk-image-mounter.x86_64                                    1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-disk-usage-analyzer.x86_64                                   1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-icon-theme.noarch                                            1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
mate-media.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-menus.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-menus-devel.x86_64                                           1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-menus-libs.x86_64                                            1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-menus-preferences-category-menu.x86_64                       1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-notification-daemon.x86_64                                   1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-panel.x86_64                                                 1.26.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-panel-devel.x86_64                                           1.26.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-panel-libs.x86_64                                            1.26.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-polkit.x86_64                                                1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-power-manager.x86_64                                         1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-screensaver.x86_64                                           1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-screensaver-devel.x86_64                                     1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-screenshot.x86_64                                            1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-search-tool.x86_64                                           1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-sensors-applet.x86_64                                        1.26.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-sensors-applet-devel.x86_64                                  1.26.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-session-manager.x86_64                                       1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-settings-daemon.x86_64                                       1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-settings-daemon-devel.x86_64                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-system-log.x86_64                                            1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-system-monitor.x86_64                                        1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
mate-terminal.x86_64                                              1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-themes.noarch                                                3.22.24-1.el8                                                     epel      
mate-user-admin.x86_64                                            1.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mate-user-guide.noarch                                            1.26.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-utils.x86_64                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-utils-common.noarch                                          1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mate-utils-devel.x86_64                                           1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mathjax.noarch                                                    2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                                          2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                                  2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                                      2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                                         2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                                         2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                                    2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                                       2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                                        2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                                        2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                                        2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                                        2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                                      2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                                   2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                                       2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                                    2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                                       2.7.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
mathjax3.noarch                                                   3.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
matio.x86_64                                                      1.5.17-3.el8                                                      epel      
matio-devel.x86_64                                                1.5.17-3.el8                                                      epel      
maven.noarch                                                      1:3.5.4-5.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-lib.noarch                                                  1:3.5.4-5.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-patch-plugin.noarch                                         1.2-12.el8                                                        epel      
maven-patch-plugin-javadoc.noarch                                 1.2-12.el8                                                        epel      
maven-resolver-api.noarch                                         1:1.1.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-resolver-connector-basic.noarch                             1:1.1.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-resolver-impl.noarch                                        1:1.1.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-resolver-spi.noarch                                         1:1.1.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-resolver-transport-wagon.noarch                             1:1.1.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-resolver-util.noarch                                        1:1.1.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-shared-utils.noarch                                         3.2.1-0.2.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
maven-wagon-file.noarch                                           3.1.0-1.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
maven-wagon-http.noarch                                           3.1.0-1.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
maven-wagon-http-shared.noarch                                    3.1.0-1.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
maven-wagon-provider-api.noarch                                   3.1.0-1.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
mawk.x86_64                                                       1:1.3.4-19.20200120.el8                                           epel      
mbedtls.x86_64                                                    2.28.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
mbedtls-devel.x86_64                                              2.28.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
mbedtls-doc.noarch                                                2.28.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
mbox-importer.x86_64                                              21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
mbuffer.x86_64                                                    20190725-1.el8                                                    epel      
mc.x86_64                                                         1:4.8.26-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
mcelog.x86_64                                                     3:189-0.an8                                                       BaseOS    
mcpp.x86_64                                                       2.7.2-20.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
mcpp-doc.x86_64                                                   2.7.2-20.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
mcstrans.x86_64                                                   2.9-2.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
mcstrans-doc.noarch                                               2.9-2.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
md5deep.x86_64                                                    4.4-14.el8                                                        epel      
mdadm-doc.noarch                                                  4.2-7.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
mdevctl.x86_64                                                    1.1.0-2.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
mdevctl-doc.noarch                                                1.1.0-2.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
mdns-repeater.x86_64                                              1.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
mdns-scan.x86_64                                                  0.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
meanwhile.x86_64                                                  1.1.0-23.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
meanwhile-doc.noarch                                              1.1.0-23.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
mecab.x86_64                                                      0.996-2.module+an8.7.0+10974+56c326c4                             AppStream 
mecab-ipadic.x86_64                                               2.7.0.20070801-16.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10974+56c326c4               AppStream 
mecab-ipadic-EUCJP.x86_64                                         2.7.0.20070801-16.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10974+56c326c4               AppStream 
media-player-info.noarch                                          23-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
media-player-info-doc.noarch                                      23-2.0.1.an8                                                      PowerTools
mediaconch.x86_64                                                 23.07-1.el8                                                       epel      
mediaconch-gui.x86_64                                             23.07-1.el8                                                       epel      
mediaconch-server.x86_64                                          23.07-1.el8                                                       epel      
mediainfo.x86_64                                                  23.09-1.el8                                                       epel      
mediainfo-gui.x86_64                                              23.09-1.el8                                                       epel      
mediainfo-qt.x86_64                                               23.09-1.el8                                                       epel      
medusa.x86_64                                                     2.2-15.20181216git292193b.el8                                     epel      
meld.noarch                                                       3.20.4-2.el8                                                      epel      
memavaild.noarch                                                  0.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
memcached.x86_64                                                  1.5.22-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
memcached-doc.noarch                                              1.5.22-2.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
memkind.x86_64                                                    1.11.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
memkind-devel.x86_64                                              1.11.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
memstrack-doc.noarch                                              0.2.4-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
memtest86+.x86_64                                                 5.01-20.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
menulibre.noarch                                                  2.2.1-5.20200831gitmenulibre.2.2.1.el8                            epel      
mercurial.x86_64                                                  4.8.2-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10997+0e57cbb1                         AppStream 
mercurial-hgk.x86_64                                              4.8.2-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10997+0e57cbb1                         AppStream 
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                                           22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                                            22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                                22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                                          22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                                 22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                                           22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                                9.0.1-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                                          9.0.1-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
mesa-libGLw.x86_64                                                8.0.0-18.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.x86_64                                          8.0.0-18.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libGLw-doc.noarch                                            8.0.0-18.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                             22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libOSMesa-devel.x86_64                                       22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                                22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libgbm-devel.x86_64                                          22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                              22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                                          22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-vdpau-drivers.x86_64                                         22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-vulkan-devel.x86_64                                          22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                                        22.3.0-2.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
meson.noarch                                                      0.58.2-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
metacity.x86_64                                                   3.28.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
metacity-doc.noarch                                               3.28.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
metis.x86_64                                                      5.1.0-17.el8                                                      AppStream 
metis-devel.x86_64                                                5.1.0-17.el8                                                      AppStream 
metslib-devel.noarch                                              0.5.3-22.el8                                                      epel      
metslib-doc.noarch                                                0.5.3-22.el8                                                      epel      
mg.x86_64                                                         20200723-1.el8                                                    epel      
mhash.x86_64                                                      0.9.9.9-20.el8                                                    epel      
mhash-devel.x86_64                                                0.9.9.9-20.el8                                                    epel      
mhonarc.noarch                                                    2.6.24-2.el8                                                      epel      
micro.x86_64                                                      2.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                              4:20220809-2.20230808.2.0.1.an8                                   BaseOS    
microdnf-doc.noarch                                               3.8.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
micropipenv.noarch                                                1.0.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
micropipenv-doc.noarch                                            1.0.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
mikmod.x86_64                                                     3.2.8-7.el8                                                       epel      
miller.x86_64                                                     5.10.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
milter-greylist.x86_64                                            4.6.2-11.el8                                                      epel      
milter-regex.x86_64                                               2.6-2.el8                                                         epel      
mimalloc.x86_64                                                   2.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
mimalloc-devel.x86_64                                             2.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
mimedefang.x86_64                                                 3.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mimetex.x86_64                                                    1.74-15.el8                                                       epel      
mimetic.x86_64                                                    0.9.8-14.el8                                                      epel      
mimetic-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.8-14.el8                                                      epel      
mingw-binutils-generic.x86_64                                     2.30-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
mingw-filesystem-base.noarch                                      104-3.an8                                                         AppStream 
mingw32-binutils.x86_64                                           2.30-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
mingw32-bzip2.noarch                                              1.0.6-14.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-bzip2-static.noarch                                       1.0.6-14.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-cairo.noarch                                              1.14.10-4.el8                                                     AppStream 
mingw32-cpp.x86_64                                                7.2.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-crt.noarch                                                5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-expat.noarch                                              2.4.8-2.an8                                                       PowerTools
mingw32-filesystem.noarch                                         104-3.an8                                                         AppStream 
mingw32-fontconfig.noarch                                         2.12.6-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-freetype.noarch                                           2.8-3.el8                                                         AppStream 
mingw32-freetype-static.noarch                                    2.8-3.el8                                                         AppStream 
mingw32-gcc.x86_64                                                7.2.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-gcc-c++.x86_64                                            7.2.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-gettext.noarch                                            0.19.7-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-gettext-static.noarch                                     0.19.7-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-glib2.noarch                                              2.70.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-glib2-static.noarch                                       2.70.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-gstreamer1.noarch                                         1.14.1-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-harfbuzz.noarch                                           1.4.8-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-harfbuzz-static.noarch                                    1.4.8-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-headers.noarch                                            5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-icu.noarch                                                57.1-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw32-libffi.noarch                                             3.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
mingw32-libidn2.noarch                                            2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
mingw32-libidn2-static.noarch                                     2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
mingw32-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                                      1.5.1-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-libjpeg-turbo-static.noarch                               1.5.1-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-libpng.noarch                                             1.6.29-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-libpng-static.noarch                                      1.6.29-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-libtiff.noarch                                            4.0.9-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-libtiff-static.noarch                                     4.0.9-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-openssl.noarch                                            1.0.2k-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-pcre.noarch                                               8.38-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw32-pcre-static.noarch                                        8.38-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw32-pixman.noarch                                             0.34.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-pkg-config.x86_64                                         0.28-11.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-readline.noarch                                           6.2-11.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw32-sqlite.noarch                                             3.26.0.0-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mingw32-sqlite-static.noarch                                      3.26.0.0-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mingw32-termcap.noarch                                            1.3.1-23.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw32-win-iconv.noarch                                          0.0.6-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-win-iconv-static.noarch                                   0.0.6-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-winpthreads.noarch                                        5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-winpthreads-static.noarch                                 5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw32-zlib.noarch                                               1.2.8-10.an8_6                                                    AppStream 
mingw32-zlib-static.noarch                                        1.2.8-10.an8_6                                                    AppStream 
mingw64-binutils.x86_64                                           2.30-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
mingw64-bzip2.noarch                                              1.0.6-14.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-bzip2-static.noarch                                       1.0.6-14.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-cairo.noarch                                              1.14.10-4.el8                                                     AppStream 
mingw64-cpp.x86_64                                                7.2.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-crt.noarch                                                5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-expat.noarch                                              2.4.8-2.an8                                                       PowerTools
mingw64-filesystem.noarch                                         104-3.an8                                                         AppStream 
mingw64-fontconfig.noarch                                         2.12.6-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-freetype.noarch                                           2.8-3.el8                                                         AppStream 
mingw64-freetype-static.noarch                                    2.8-3.el8                                                         AppStream 
mingw64-gcc.x86_64                                                7.2.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-gcc-c++.x86_64                                            7.2.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-gettext.noarch                                            0.19.7-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-gettext-static.noarch                                     0.19.7-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-glib2.noarch                                              2.70.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-glib2-static.noarch                                       2.70.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-gstreamer1.noarch                                         1.14.1-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-harfbuzz.noarch                                           1.4.8-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-harfbuzz-static.noarch                                    1.4.8-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-headers.noarch                                            5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-icu.noarch                                                57.1-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw64-libffi.noarch                                             3.1-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
mingw64-libidn2.noarch                                            2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
mingw64-libidn2-static.noarch                                     2.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
mingw64-libjpeg-turbo.noarch                                      1.5.1-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-libjpeg-turbo-static.noarch                               1.5.1-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-libpng.noarch                                             1.6.29-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-libpng-static.noarch                                      1.6.29-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-libtiff.noarch                                            4.0.9-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-libtiff-static.noarch                                     4.0.9-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-openssl.noarch                                            1.0.2k-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-pcre.noarch                                               8.38-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw64-pcre-static.noarch                                        8.38-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw64-pixman.noarch                                             0.34.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-pkg-config.x86_64                                         0.28-11.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-readline.noarch                                           6.2-11.el8                                                        AppStream 
mingw64-sqlite.noarch                                             3.26.0.0-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mingw64-sqlite-static.noarch                                      3.26.0.0-1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mingw64-termcap.noarch                                            1.3.1-23.el8                                                      AppStream 
mingw64-win-iconv.noarch                                          0.0.6-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-win-iconv-static.noarch                                   0.0.6-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-winpthreads.noarch                                        5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-winpthreads-static.noarch                                 5.0.2-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
mingw64-zlib.noarch                                               1.2.8-10.an8_6                                                    AppStream 
mingw64-zlib-static.noarch                                        1.2.8-10.an8_6                                                    AppStream 
miniaudio-devel.noarch                                            0.11.14-1.el8                                                     epel      
minicom.x86_64                                                    2.7.1-9.0.2.an8                                                   BaseOS    
minicom-doc.noarch                                                2.7.1-9.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
minidump.noarch                                                   0.0.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
minikerberos.noarch                                               0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
minisign.x86_64                                                   0.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
miniupnpc.x86_64                                                  2.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
miniupnpc-devel.x86_64                                            2.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
miniz.x86_64                                                      2.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
miniz-devel.x86_64                                                2.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
minizip.x86_64                                                    2.8.9-2.el8                                                       epel      
minizip-devel.x86_64                                              2.8.9-2.el8                                                       epel      
minizip1.2.x86_64                                                 1.2.11-24.el8                                                     epel      
minizip1.2-devel.x86_64                                           1.2.11-24.el8                                                     epel      
mkosi.noarch                                                      9-4.el8                                                           epel      
mkrdns.noarch                                                     3.3-9.20220829git9dee4a3.el8                                      epel      
mksh.x86_64                                                       56c-5.el8                                                         BaseOS    
mktorrent.x86_64                                                  1.1-9.el8                                                         epel      
mld2p4-common.noarch                                              2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mld2p4-mpich.x86_64                                               2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mld2p4-mpich-devel.x86_64                                         2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mld2p4-openmpi.x86_64                                             2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mld2p4-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                       2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mld2p4-serial.x86_64                                              2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mld2p4-serial-devel.x86_64                                        2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
mle.x86_64                                                        1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mlmmj.x86_64                                                      1.3.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
mlocate.x86_64                                                    0.26-20.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
mlocate-doc.noarch                                                0.26-20.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
mlpack-bin.x86_64                                                 4.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mlpack-devel.x86_64                                               4.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mlpack-licenses.x86_64                                            4.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mlpack-python3.x86_64                                             4.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mlt.x86_64                                                        6.24.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
mlt-devel.x86_64                                                  6.24.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
mlt-php.x86_64                                                    6.24.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
mlt-ruby.x86_64                                                   6.24.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
mmlib.x86_64                                                      1.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
mmlib-devel.x86_64                                                1.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
mmtf-cpp-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mmtf-cpp-doc.noarch                                               1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
moarvm.x86_64                                                     0.2019.07.1-2.el8                                                 epel      
moarvm-devel.x86_64                                               0.2019.07.1-2.el8                                                 epel      
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                             20210805-1.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
mobile-broadband-provider-info-devel.noarch                       20210805-1.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
mobile-broadband-provider-info-doc.noarch                         20210805-1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
mock.noarch                                                       5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
mock-centos-sig-configs.noarch                                    0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
mock-core-configs.noarch                                          39-1.el8                                                          epel      
mock-filesystem.noarch                                            5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
mock-lvm.noarch                                                   5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
mock-scm.noarch                                                   5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
mod_auth_cas.x86_64                                               1.2-4.el8                                                         epel      
mod_auth_gssapi.x86_64                                            1.6.3-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
mod_auth_mellon.x86_64                                            0.14.0-12.0.1.an8.1                                               AppStream 
mod_auth_mellon-diagnostics.x86_64                                0.14.0-12.0.1.an8.1                                               AppStream 
mod_auth_mellon-doc.noarch                                        0.14.0-12.0.1.an8.1                                               PowerTools
mod_auth_token.x86_64                                             1.0.5-27.el8                                                      epel      
mod_authnz_external.x86_64                                        3.3.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
mod_authnz_pam.x86_64                                             1.2.2-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
mod_dav_svn.x86_64                                                1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
mod_fcgid.x86_64                                                  2.3.9-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
mod_fcgid-doc.noarch                                              2.3.9-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
mod_flvx.x86_64                                                   0-0.19.20100525git.el8                                            epel      
mod_http2.x86_64                                                  1.15.7-8.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.3                          AppStream 
mod_intercept_form_submit.x86_64                                  1.1.0-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
mod_intercept_form_submit-doc.noarch                              1.1.0-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
mod_ldap.x86_64                                                   2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
mod_limitipconn.x86_64                                            0.23-26.el8                                                       epel      
mod_log_post.x86_64                                               0.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
mod_lookup_identity.x86_64                                        1.0.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
mod_markdown.x86_64                                               1.0.4-3.20211115git1bf4fb4.el8                                    epel      
mod_maxminddb.x86_64                                              1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mod_md.x86_64                                                     1:2.0.8-8.module+an8.7.0+10879+020f8869                           AppStream 
mod_passenger.x86_64                                              6.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
mod_perl.x86_64                                                   2.0.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
mod_perl-devel.x86_64                                             2.0.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
mod_proxy_html.x86_64                                             1:2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                   AppStream 
mod_qos.x86_64                                                    11.74-1.el8                                                       epel      
mod_security.x86_64                                               2.9.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mod_security-mlogc.x86_64                                         2.9.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mod_security_crs.noarch                                           3.3.4-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mod_session.x86_64                                                2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                     AppStream 
mod_speedycgi.x86_64                                              2.22-39.el8                                                       epel      
mod_ssl.x86_64                                                    1:2.4.37-56.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11061+87142f8c.6                   AppStream 
mod_xsendfile.x86_64                                              0.12-23.el8                                                       epel      
module-build-service.noarch                                       3.9.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
modulemd-tools.noarch                                             0.7-6.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
mold.x86_64                                                       2.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
molequeue.x86_64                                                  0.9.0-15.el8                                                      epel      
molequeue-devel.x86_64                                            0.9.0-15.el8                                                      epel      
molequeue-doc.noarch                                              0.9.0-15.el8                                                      epel      
molequeue-libs.x86_64                                             0.9.0-15.el8                                                      epel      
mongo-c-driver.x86_64                                             1.24.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
mongo-c-driver-devel.x86_64                                       1.24.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
mongo-c-driver-libs.x86_64                                        1.24.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
monit.x86_64                                                      5.30.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
monitor-edid.x86_64                                               3.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
monitorix.noarch                                                  3.15.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
mono-complete.x86_64                                              6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-core.x86_64                                                  6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-data.x86_64                                                  6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-data-oracle.x86_64                                           6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-data-sqlite.x86_64                                           6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-devel.x86_64                                                 6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-extras.x86_64                                                6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-locale-extras.x86_64                                         6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-mvc.x86_64                                                   6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-mvc-devel.x86_64                                             6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-reactive.x86_64                                              6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-reactive-devel.x86_64                                        6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-reactive-winforms.x86_64                                     6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-wcf.x86_64                                                   6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-web.x86_64                                                   6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-web-devel.x86_64                                             6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-winforms.x86_64                                              6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
mono-winfx.x86_64                                                 6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
monocypher.x86_64                                                 3.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
monocypher-devel.x86_64                                           3.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
monodoc.x86_64                                                    6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
monodoc-devel.x86_64                                              6.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
moodycamel-concurrentqueue-devel.noarch                           1.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
moon-buggy.x86_64                                                 1.0.51-25.el8                                                     epel      
moreutils.x86_64                                                  0.63-1.el8                                                        epel      
moreutils-parallel.x86_64                                         0.63-1.el8                                                        epel      
mosh.x86_64                                                       1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mosquitto.x86_64                                                  1.6.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
mosquitto-devel.x86_64                                            1.6.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
most.x86_64                                                       5.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
motif.x86_64                                                      2.3.4-19.an8                                                      AppStream 
motif-devel.x86_64                                                2.3.4-19.an8                                                      AppStream 
motif-static.x86_64                                               2.3.4-19.an8                                                      AppStream 
mousepad.x86_64                                                   0.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
mousepad-devel.x86_64                                             0.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
mousetweaks.x86_64                                                3.12.0-11.el8                                                     AppStream 
movit.x86_64                                                      1.6.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
movit-data.noarch                                                 1.6.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
movit-devel.x86_64                                                1.6.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
mozc.x86_64                                                       2.23.2815.102-8.el8.2                                             epel      
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                                         1.9-19.an8                                                        AppStream 
mozilla-https-everywhere.noarch                                   2022.5.11-1.el8                                                   epel      
mozilla-noscript.noarch                                           11.0.34-1.el8                                                     epel      
mozilla-zilla-slab-fonts.noarch                                   1.002-1.el8                                                       epel      
mozilla-zilla-slab-fonts-common.noarch                            1.002-1.el8                                                       epel      
mozilla-zilla-slab-highlight-fonts.noarch                         1.002-1.el8                                                       epel      
mozjs52.x86_64                                                    52.9.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
mozjs52-devel.x86_64                                              52.9.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
mozjs60.x86_64                                                    60.9.0-4.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
mozo.noarch                                                       1.26.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
mozvoikko.noarch                                                  2.1-5.el8                                                         AppStream 
mp3fs.x86_64                                                      1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mp3gain.x86_64                                                    1.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
mpeg2dec.x86_64                                                   0.5.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                                 3.1.6-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
mpg123.x86_64                                                     1.26.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
mpg123-devel.x86_64                                               1.26.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                                1.26.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
mpg123-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                                  1.26.2-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
mpi4py-common.noarch                                              3.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
mpi4py-docs.noarch                                                3.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
mpich.x86_64                                                      3.4.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
mpich-devel.x86_64                                                3.4.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
mpich-doc.noarch                                                  3.4.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
mpir.x86_64                                                       3.0.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
mpir-c++.x86_64                                                   3.0.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
mpir-devel.x86_64                                                 3.0.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
mpir-doc.x86_64                                                   3.0.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
mpitests-mpich.x86_64                                             5.8-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
mpitests-mvapich2.x86_64                                          5.8-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
mpitests-mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                                     5.8-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
mpitests-openmpi.x86_64                                           5.8-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
mpris-scrobbler.x86_64                                            0.4.0.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
mpssh.x86_64                                                      1.3.3-10.el8                                                      epel      
mrack.noarch                                                      1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mrack-cli.noarch                                                  1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
mrtg.x86_64                                                       2.17.7-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
mscgen.x86_64                                                     0.20-30.el8                                                       epel      
msgpack.x86_64                                                    3.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
msgpack-devel.x86_64                                              3.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
msitools.x86_64                                                   0.102-3.el8                                                       epel      
msktutil.x86_64                                                   1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
msmtp.x86_64                                                      1.8.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
msoffcrypto-tool.noarch                                           4.11.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
msr-tools.x86_64                                                  1.3-17.el8                                                        epel      
mstflint.x86_64                                                   4.23.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
mt-st.x86_64                                                      1.1-24.el8                                                        AppStream 
mtdev.x86_64                                                      1.1.5-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
mtdev-devel.x86_64                                                1.1.5-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
mtr.x86_64                                                        2:0.92-3.el8                                                      BaseOS    
mtr-gtk.x86_64                                                    2:0.92-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
mtx.x86_64                                                        1.3.12-17.el8                                                     AppStream 
mujs.x86_64                                                       1.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
mujs-devel.x86_64                                                 1.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
multilib-rpm-config.noarch                                        1-10.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
multitail.x86_64                                                  6.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
multiwatch.x86_64                                                 1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
mumble.x86_64                                                     1.3.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
mumble-overlay.x86_64                                             1.3.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
mumble-plugins.x86_64                                             1.3.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
munge.x86_64                                                      0.5.13-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
munge-devel.x86_64                                                0.5.13-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
munge-libs.x86_64                                                 0.5.13-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
munin.noarch                                                      2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
munin-apache.noarch                                               2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
munin-cgi.noarch                                                  2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
munin-common.noarch                                               2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
munin-nginx.noarch                                                2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
munin-node.noarch                                                 2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
munin-plugins-ruby.noarch                                         2.0.74-1.el8                                                      epel      
mup.x86_64                                                        7.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
murmur.x86_64                                                     1.3.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
mutt.x86_64                                                       5:2.2.6-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
mutter.x86_64                                                     40.9-14.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
mutter-devel.x86_64                                               40.9-14.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
mutter-doc.noarch                                                 40.9-14.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
mvapich2.x86_64                                                   2.3.6-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
mvapich2-devel.x86_64                                             2.3.6-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
mvapich2-doc.noarch                                               2.3.6-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                                              2.3.6-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
mvapich2-psm2-devel.x86_64                                        2.3.6-1.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
mxml.x86_64                                                       3.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
mxml-devel.x86_64                                                 3.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
mxparser.noarch                                                   1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
mxparser-javadoc.noarch                                           1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
myproxy.x86_64                                                    6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myproxy-admin.x86_64                                              6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myproxy-devel.x86_64                                              6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myproxy-doc.noarch                                                6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myproxy-libs.x86_64                                               6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myproxy-server.x86_64                                             6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myproxy-voms.x86_64                                               6.2.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
myrepos.noarch                                                    1.20180726-12.el8                                                 epel      
myrepos-utils.noarch                                              0.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
mysofa.x86_64                                                     1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
mysql.x86_64                                                      8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysql-common.x86_64                                               8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysql-devel.x86_64                                                8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysql-errmsg.x86_64                                               8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysql-libs.x86_64                                                 8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysql-mmm.noarch                                                  2.2.1-25.el8                                                      epel      
mysql-mmm-agent.noarch                                            2.2.1-25.el8                                                      epel      
mysql-mmm-monitor.noarch                                          2.2.1-25.el8                                                      epel      
mysql-mmm-tools.noarch                                            2.2.1-25.el8                                                      epel      
mysql-selinux.noarch                                              1.0.5-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
mysql-server.x86_64                                               8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysql-test.x86_64                                                 8.0.32-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11036+04d53067                        AppStream 
mysqltuner.noarch                                                 1.8.3-1.git.1333ea9.el8                                           epel      
mystrom.noarch                                                    2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
mythes.x86_64                                                     1.2.4-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
mythes-bg.noarch                                                  4.3-12.el8                                                        AppStream 
mythes-ca.noarch                                                  1.5.0-15.el8                                                      AppStream 
mythes-cs.noarch                                                  0.20070926-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
mythes-da.noarch                                                  0.20100629.15.16-14.el8                                           AppStream 
mythes-de.noarch                                                  0.20180226-3.el8                                                  AppStream 
mythes-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.4-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
mythes-el.noarch                                                  0.20070412-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
mythes-en.noarch                                                  3.0-23.el8                                                        AppStream 
mythes-es.noarch                                                  2.3-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
mythes-fr.noarch                                                  2.3-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
mythes-ga.noarch                                                  0.20071001-19.el8                                                 AppStream 
mythes-hu.noarch                                                  0.20101019-15.el8                                                 AppStream 
mythes-it.noarch                                                  2.0.9l-18.el8                                                     AppStream 
mythes-lb.noarch                                                  0.20121128-9.el8                                                  AppStream 
mythes-lv.noarch                                                  1.4.0-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
mythes-mi.noarch                                                  0.20080630-17.el8                                                 AppStream 
mythes-nb.noarch                                                  1:2.0.10-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
mythes-ne.noarch                                                  1.1-14.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mythes-ne-doc.noarch                                              1.1-14.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
mythes-nl.noarch                                                  0.20130131-8.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
mythes-nl-doc.noarch                                              0.20130131-8.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
mythes-nn.noarch                                                  1:2.0.10-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
mythes-pl.noarch                                                  1.5-20.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mythes-pl-doc.noarch                                              1.5-20.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
mythes-pt.noarch                                                  0.20060817-19.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
mythes-pt-doc.noarch                                              0.20060817-19.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
mythes-ro.noarch                                                  3.3-13.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mythes-ro-doc.noarch                                              3.3-13.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
mythes-ru.noarch                                                  0.20070613-17.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
mythes-ru-doc.noarch                                              0.20070613-17.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
mythes-sk.noarch                                                  0.20130130-11.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
mythes-sk-doc.noarch                                              0.20130130-11.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
mythes-sl.noarch                                                  0.20130130-11.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
mythes-sl-doc.noarch                                              0.20130130-11.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
mythes-sv.noarch                                                  1.3-13.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
mythes-sv-doc.noarch                                              1.3-13.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
mythes-uk.noarch                                                  1.6.5-14.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
mythes-uk-doc.noarch                                              1.6.5-14.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
mytop.noarch                                                      1.7-18.b737f60.el8                                                epel      
nafees-web-naskh-fonts.noarch                                     1.2-18.el8                                                        AppStream 
nagelfar.noarch                                                   1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
nagios.x86_64                                                     4.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-common.x86_64                                              4.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-contrib.x86_64                                             4.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-devel.x86_64                                               4.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins.x86_64                                             2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-all.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-apt.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-bonding.x86_64                                     1.4-14.el8                                                        epel      
nagios-plugins-breeze.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-by_ssh.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-check-updates.x86_64                               2.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-cluster.x86_64                                     2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-dbi.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-dhcp.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-dig.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-disk.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-disk_smb.x86_64                                    2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-dns.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-dummy.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-file_age.x86_64                                    2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-flexlm.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-fping.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-fts.noarch                                         3.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-hpjd.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-http.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-icmp.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ide_smart.x86_64                                   2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ifoperstatus.x86_64                                2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ifstatus.x86_64                                    2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ircd.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ldap.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-load.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-log.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-mailq.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-mrtg.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-mrtgtraf.x86_64                                    2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-mysql.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-nagios.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-nrpe.x86_64                                        4.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-nt.x86_64                                          2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ntp.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-nwstat.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-openmanage.x86_64                                  3.7.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
nagios-plugins-oracle.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-overcr.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-perl.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-pgsql.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ping.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-procs.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-radius.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-real.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-remove_perfdata.x86_64                             2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-rpc.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-sensors.x86_64                                     2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-smtp.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-snmp.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-snmp-disk-proc.x86_64                              1.3.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
nagios-plugins-ssh.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ssl_validity.x86_64                                2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-swap.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-tcp.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-time.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-ups.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-uptime.x86_64                                      2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-users.x86_64                                       2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-plugins-wave.x86_64                                        2.3.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nagios-selinux.x86_64                                             4.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
nano.x86_64                                                       2.9.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
nano-doc.noarch                                                   2.9.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
nanomsg.x86_64                                                    1.1.5-6.el8                                                       epel      
nanomsg-devel.x86_64                                              1.1.5-6.el8                                                       epel      
nanomsg-doc.x86_64                                                1.1.5-6.el8                                                       epel      
nant.x86_64                                                       1:0.92-25.el8                                                     epel      
nant-devel.x86_64                                                 1:0.92-25.el8                                                     epel      
nant-docs.x86_64                                                  1:0.92-25.el8                                                     epel      
nasm.x86_64                                                       2.15.03-3.an8                                                     AppStream 
nativefiledialog-extended.x86_64                                  1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
nativefiledialog-extended-devel.x86_64                            1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
nautilus.x86_64                                                   40.2-11.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
nautilus-devel.x86_64                                             40.2-11.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
nautilus-doc.noarch                                               40.2-11.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                                        40.2-11.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
nautilus-python.x86_64                                            1.2.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nautilus-python-devel.x86_64                                      1.2.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
nautilus-sendto.x86_64                                            1:3.8.6-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
nautilus-sendto-doc.noarch                                        1:3.8.6-2.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
navilu-fonts.noarch                                               1.2-11.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
navilu-fonts-doc.noarch                                           1.2-11.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
nawk.x86_64                                                       20180827-1.el8                                                    epel      
nbd.x86_64                                                        3.25-1.el8                                                        epel      
nbdfuse.x86_64                                                    1.6.0-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
nbdkit.x86_64                                                     1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-bash-completion.noarch                                     1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                                       1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                                       1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                                         1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-devel.x86_64                                               1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-example-plugins.x86_64                                     1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-gzip-filter.x86_64                                         1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-gzip-plugin.x86_64                                         1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-linuxdisk-plugin.x86_64                                    1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-nbd-plugin.x86_64                                          1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-python-plugin.x86_64                                       1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                              1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                                          1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-tar-filter.x86_64                                          1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-tar-plugin.x86_64                                          1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-tmpdisk-plugin.x86_64                                      1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-vddk-plugin.x86_64                                         1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbdkit-xz-filter.x86_64                                           1.24.0-5.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
nbtscan.x86_64                                                    1.5.1-22.el8                                                      epel      
ncdu.x86_64                                                       1.19-1.el8                                                        epel      
ncftp.x86_64                                                      2:3.2.5-18.el8                                                    epel      
ncl.x86_64                                                        6.6.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
ncl-common.noarch                                                 6.6.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
ncl-devel.x86_64                                                  6.6.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
ncl-examples.noarch                                               6.6.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
nco.x86_64                                                        4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
nco-devel.x86_64                                                  4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
nco-static.x86_64                                                 4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ncompress.x86_64                                                  4.2.4.4-13.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
ncompress-doc.noarch                                              4.2.4.4-13.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
ncrack.x86_64                                                     0.7-8.el8                                                         epel      
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                                           6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                                        6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                              6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
ncurses-term.noarch                                               6.1-10.20180224.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
ncview.x86_64                                                     2.1.8-8.el8                                                       epel      
ndctl.x86_64                                                      71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
ndctl-devel.x86_64                                                71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
ndctl-doc.noarch                                                  71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                                 71.1-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
ndppd.x86_64                                                      0.2.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
ne.x86_64                                                         3.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ne-doc.noarch                                                     3.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
neXtaw.x86_64                                                     0.15.1-32.el8                                                     epel      
neXtaw-devel.x86_64                                               0.15.1-32.el8                                                     epel      
nedit.x86_64                                                      5.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
needrestart.noarch                                                3.6-3.el8                                                         epel      
nekohtml.noarch                                                   1.9.22-17.el8                                                     epel      
nekohtml-demo.noarch                                              1.9.22-17.el8                                                     epel      
nekohtml-javadoc.noarch                                           1.9.22-17.el8                                                     epel      
nekovm.x86_64                                                     2.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
nekovm-devel.x86_64                                               2.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
neofetch.noarch                                                   7.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
neon.x86_64                                                       0.31.2-11.an8                                                     AppStream 
neon-devel.x86_64                                                 0.31.2-11.an8                                                     AppStream 
neovim.x86_64                                                     0.8.0-0.el8                                                       epel      
neovim-ale.noarch                                                 3.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
net-snmp.x86_64                                                   1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                                        1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                                             1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
net-snmp-doc.noarch                                               1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                              1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
net-snmp-perl.x86_64                                              1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
net-snmp-utils.x86_64                                             1:5.8-27.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
net-tools.x86_64                                                  2.0-0.52.20160912git.an8                                          BaseOS    
netatalk.x86_64                                                   5:3.1.18-1.el8                                                    epel      
netatalk-devel.x86_64                                             5:3.1.18-1.el8                                                    epel      
netavark.x86_64                                                   2:1.5.1-2.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11097+730be896                       AppStream 
netbox.noarch                                                     2.11.10-1.el8                                                     epel      
netcat.x86_64                                                     1.225-1.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf.x86_64                                                     4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-cxx.x86_64                                                 4.2-23.el8                                                        epel      
netcdf-cxx-devel.x86_64                                           4.2-23.el8                                                        epel      
netcdf-cxx-static.x86_64                                          4.2-23.el8                                                        epel      
netcdf-cxx4.x86_64                                                4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-devel.x86_64                                          4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-mpich.x86_64                                          4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-mpich-devel.x86_64                                    4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-mpich-static.x86_64                                   4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-openmpi.x86_64                                        4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                  4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-openmpi-static.x86_64                                 4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-cxx4-static.x86_64                                         4.3.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
netcdf-devel.x86_64                                               4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran.x86_64                                             4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-devel.x86_64                                       4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-mpich.x86_64                                       4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-mpich-devel.x86_64                                 4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-mpich-static.x86_64                                4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-openmpi.x86_64                                     4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-openmpi-devel.x86_64                               4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-openmpi-static.x86_64                              4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-fortran-static.x86_64                                      4.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-mpich.x86_64                                               4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-mpich-devel.x86_64                                         4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-mpich-static.x86_64                                        4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-openmpi.x86_64                                             4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                       4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-openmpi-static.x86_64                                      4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf-static.x86_64                                              4.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
netcdf4-python.x86_64                                             1.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
netcf.x86_64                                                      0.2.8-12.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
netcf-devel.x86_64                                                0.2.8-12.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
netcf-libs.x86_64                                                 0.2.8-12.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
netconsd.x86_64                                                   0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
netconsole-service.noarch                                         10.00.18-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
netdata.x86_64                                                    1.42.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
netdata-conf.noarch                                               1.42.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
netdata-data.noarch                                               1.42.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
netdata-freeipmi.x86_64                                           1.42.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
nethack.x86_64                                                    3.6.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
nethack-bitmap-fonts.noarch                                       3.6.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
nethack-bitmap-fonts-core.noarch                                  3.6.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
nethogs.x86_64                                                    0.8.5-9.el8                                                       epel      
netlabel_tools.x86_64                                             0.30.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
netlabel_tools-doc.noarch                                         0.30.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
netmask.x86_64                                                    2.4.4-7.el8                                                       epel      
netpbm.x86_64                                                     10.95.00-2.an8                                                    AppStream 
netpbm-devel.x86_64                                               10.95.00-2.an8                                                    AppStream 
netpbm-doc.x86_64                                                 10.95.00-2.an8                                                    AppStream 
netpbm-progs.x86_64                                               10.95.00-2.an8                                                    AppStream 
netperf.x86_64                                                    2.7.0-1.20210803git3bc455b.el8                                    epel      
netplan.x86_64                                                    0.105-4.el8                                                       epel      
netplan-default-backend-NetworkManager.noarch                     0.105-4.el8                                                       epel      
netplan-default-backend-networkd.noarch                           0.105-4.el8                                                       epel      
netplan-devel.x86_64                                              0.105-4.el8                                                       epel      
netplan-libs.x86_64                                               0.105-4.el8                                                       epel      
netsniff-ng.x86_64                                                0.6.8-11.el8                                                      epel      
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                             6.0.122-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
nettle-devel.x86_64                                               3.4.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
nettle-doc.noarch                                                 3.4.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
network-manager-applet.x86_64                                     1.26.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
network-manager-applet-doc.noarch                                 1.26.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
network-scripts.x86_64                                            10.00.18-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
network-scripts-team.x86_64                                       1.31-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
newt.x86_64                                                       0.52.20-11.el8                                                    BaseOS    
newt-devel.x86_64                                                 0.52.20-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
nextcloud-client.x86_64                                           3.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
nextcloud-client-devel.x86_64                                     3.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
nextcloud-client-dolphin.x86_64                                   3.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
nextcloud-client-libs.x86_64                                      3.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
nextcloud-client-nautilus.x86_64                                  3.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
nfdump.x86_64                                                     1.6.24-1.el8                                                      epel      
nfdump-libs.x86_64                                                1.6.24-1.el8                                                      epel      
nfs-utils.x86_64                                                  1:2.3.3-59.0.2.an8                                                BaseOS    
nfs4-acl-tools.x86_64                                             0.3.5-3.el8                                                       BaseOS    
nftables-devel.x86_64                                             1:0.9.3-26.an8                                                    AppStream 
nghttp2.x86_64                                                    1.33.0-3.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
nginx.x86_64                                                      1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-all-modules.noarch                                          1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-filesystem.noarch                                           1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-mod-http-image-filter.x86_64                                1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-mod-http-perl.x86_64                                        1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter.x86_64                                 1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-mod-mail.x86_64                                             1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
nginx-mod-stream.x86_64                                           1:1.14.1-9.0.2.module+an8.7.0+10880+b751b443                      AppStream 
ngircd.x86_64                                                     26-3.el8                                                          epel      
ngrep.x86_64                                                      1.47-3.1.20180101git9b59468.el8                                   epel      
nickle.x86_64                                                     2.93-1.el8                                                        epel      
nickle-devel.x86_64                                               2.93-1.el8                                                        epel      
nikto.noarch                                                      1:2.1.6-8.el8                                                     epel      
ninja-build.x86_64                                                1.8.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
nispor.x86_64                                                     1.2.10-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
nispor-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.10-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
nispor-doc.noarch                                                 1.2.10-1.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
nkf.x86_64                                                        1:2.1.4-8.el8                                                     AppStream 
nload.x86_64                                                      0.7.4-16.el8                                                      epel      
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                                       1.26.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nmap.x86_64                                                       3:7.91-12.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
nmap-doc.noarch                                                   3:7.91-12.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                                  3:7.91-12.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
nmbscan.noarch                                                    1.2.6-18.el8                                                      epel      
nmh.x86_64                                                        1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
nmon.x86_64                                                       16p-5.el8                                                         epel      
nmstate.x86_64                                                    2.2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nmstate-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nmstate-doc.noarch                                                2.2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
nmstate-libs.x86_64                                               2.2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nnn.x86_64                                                        4.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
no-more-secrets.x86_64                                            1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
nodejs.x86_64                                                     1:10.24.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5                     AppStream 
nodejs-GeographicLib.noarch                                       1.50.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
nodejs-codemirror.noarch                                          5.51.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nodejs-devel.x86_64                                               1:10.24.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5                     AppStream 
nodejs-docs.noarch                                                1:10.24.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5                     AppStream 
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                                           1:10.24.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5                     AppStream 
nodejs-less.noarch                                                4.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
nodejs-marked.noarch                                              1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
nodejs-nodemon.noarch                                             1.18.3-1.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5                            AppStream 
nodejs-packaging.noarch                                           17-3.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5                                AppStream 
nohang.noarch                                                     0.2.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
nohang-desktop.noarch                                             0.2.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
noip.x86_64                                                       2.1.9-30.el8                                                      epel      
nomarch.x86_64                                                    1.4-21.el8                                                        epel      
nopaste.noarch                                                    1:1.013-4.el8                                                     epel      
nordugrid-arc.x86_64                                              6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-acix-core.noarch                                    6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-acix-index.noarch                                   6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-acix-scanner.noarch                                 6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-arcctl.x86_64                                       6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-arcctl-service.x86_64                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-archery-manage.noarch                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-arex.x86_64                                         6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-arex-python-lrms.x86_64                             6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-client.x86_64                                       6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-community-rtes.x86_64                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-datadelivery-service.x86_64                         6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-devel.x86_64                                        6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-gridftpd.x86_64                                     6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-hed.x86_64                                          6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-infosys-ldap.noarch                                 6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-monitor.noarch                                      6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-nagios-plugins.x86_64                               2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
nordugrid-arc-nagios-plugins-doc.noarch                           2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
nordugrid-arc-nagios-plugins-egi.noarch                           2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
nordugrid-arc-nordugridmap.noarch                                 6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-arcrest.x86_64                              6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-gfal.x86_64                                 6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-globus.x86_64                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-globus-common.x86_64                        6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-gridftp.x86_64                              6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-gridftpjob.x86_64                           6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-internal.x86_64                             6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-lcas-lcmaps.x86_64                          6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-needed.x86_64                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-python.x86_64                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-s3.x86_64                                   6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-plugins-xrootd.x86_64                               6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-test-utils.x86_64                                   6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
nordugrid-arc-wn.x86_64                                           6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
notcurses.x86_64                                                  3.0.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
notcurses-devel.x86_64                                            3.0.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
notcurses-static.x86_64                                           3.0.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
notcurses-utils.x86_64                                            3.0.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
notmuch.x86_64                                                    0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
notmuch-devel.x86_64                                              0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
notmuch-mutt.noarch                                               0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
notmuch-vim.x86_64                                                0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
nova-agent.noarch                                                 2.1.25-1.el8                                                      epel      
novnc.noarch                                                      1.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
npm.x86_64                                                        1:6.14.11-1.10.24.0.1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10853+971f45d5           AppStream 
nqp.x86_64                                                        0.0.2019.07.1-1.el8                                               epel      
nqp-doc.noarch                                                    0.0.2019.07.1-1.el8                                               epel      
nrpe.x86_64                                                       4.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
nrpe-selinux.x86_64                                               4.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
nsca.x86_64                                                       2.10.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
nsca-client.x86_64                                                2.10.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
nsca-ng-client.x86_64                                             1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
nsca-ng-server.x86_64                                             1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
nscd.x86_64                                                       2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
nsd.x86_64                                                        4.3.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
nsntrace.x86_64                                                   4-2.el8                                                           epel      
nspr-devel.x86_64                                                 4.35.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nss-altfiles.x86_64                                               2.18.1-12.el8                                                     AppStream 
nss-devel.x86_64                                                  3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nss-mdns.x86_64                                                   0.14.1-9.el8                                                      epel      
nss-pam-ldapd.x86_64                                              0.9.9-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                                          3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                                   3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nss-util-devel.x86_64                                             3.90.0-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
nss_db.x86_64                                                     2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                BaseOS    
nss_hesiod.x86_64                                                 2.28-225.0.4.an8.6                                                AppStream 
nss_nis.x86_64                                                    3.1-11.an8                                                        BaseOS    
nss_wrapper.x86_64                                                1.1.13-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                                    2:2022.10.3-1.el8                                                 epel      
ntfs-3g-devel.x86_64                                              2:2022.10.3-1.el8                                                 epel      
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                                               2:2022.10.3-1.el8                                                 epel      
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                                 1.0-7.el8                                                         epel      
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                                  2:2022.10.3-1.el8                                                 epel      
ntpstat.noarch                                                    0.5-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
ntsysv.x86_64                                                     1.19.1-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
nudepy.x86_64                                                     0.4-4.el8                                                         epel      
numactl.x86_64                                                    2.0.14-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
numactl-devel.x86_64                                              2.0.14-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
numactl-doc.noarch                                                2.0.14-8.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
numactl-libs.x86_64                                               2.0.14-9.an8                                                      BaseOS    
numad.x86_64                                                      0.5-26.20150602git.el8                                            BaseOS    
numatop.x86_64                                                    2.3-1.an8                                                         BaseOS    
numatop-doc.noarch                                                2.3-1.an8                                                         PowerTools
numlockx.x86_64                                                   1.2-22.el8                                                        epel      
nunit.x86_64                                                      3.7.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
nunit-devel.x86_64                                                3.7.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
nunit2.x86_64                                                     2.6.4-24.el8                                                      epel      
nunit2-devel.x86_64                                               2.6.4-24.el8                                                      epel      
nunit2-doc.x86_64                                                 2.6.4-24.el8                                                      epel      
nunit2-gui.x86_64                                                 2.6.4-24.el8                                                      epel      
nut.x86_64                                                        2.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
nut-cgi.x86_64                                                    2.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
nut-client.x86_64                                                 2.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
nut-devel.x86_64                                                  2.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
nut-xml.x86_64                                                    2.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
nuttcp.x86_64                                                     8.1.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
nv-codec-headers.noarch                                           9.1.23.3-1.el8                                                    epel      
nvme-cli.x86_64                                                   1.16-7.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
nvme-cli-doc.noarch                                               1.16-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
nvmetcli.noarch                                                   0.7-3.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
nvtop.x86_64                                                      3.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
nwchem.x86_64                                                     7.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
nwchem-common.noarch                                              7.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
nwchem-mpich.x86_64                                               7.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
nwchem-openmpi.x86_64                                             7.0.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
nwipe.x86_64                                                      0.34-2.el8                                                        epel      
nx-libs.x86_64                                                    3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
nx-libs-devel.x86_64                                              3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
nx-proto-devel.x86_64                                             3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
nxagent.x86_64                                                    3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
nxdialog.x86_64                                                   3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
nxproxy.x86_64                                                    3.5.99.26-1.el8                                                   epel      
nyx.noarch                                                        2.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
nyx-doc.noarch                                                    2.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
oathtool.x86_64                                                   2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
objectweb-asm.noarch                                              7.3.1-3.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
objfw.x86_64                                                      1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
objfw-doc.noarch                                                  1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml.x86_64                                                      4.07.0-3.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-camlidl.x86_64                                              1.05-54.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-camlidl-devel.x86_64                                        1.05-54.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-camlp4.x86_64                                               4.07.0-0.gitd32d9973.1.el8.3                                      AppStream 
ocaml-camlp4-devel.x86_64                                         4.07.0-0.gitd32d9973.1.el8.3                                      AppStream 
ocaml-camlp5.x86_64                                               7.08-0.5.git9b9eb124c.el8                                         epel      
ocaml-camlp5-devel.x86_64                                         7.08-0.5.git9b9eb124c.el8                                         epel      
ocaml-compiler-libs.x86_64                                        4.07.0-3.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-cppo.x86_64                                                 1.6.4-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
ocaml-dune.x86_64                                                 1.11.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-dune-devel.x86_64                                           1.11.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-dune-doc.noarch                                             1.11.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-extlib.x86_64                                               1.7.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
ocaml-extlib-devel.x86_64                                         1.7.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
ocaml-findlib.x86_64                                              1.8.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ocaml-findlib-devel.x86_64                                        1.8.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ocaml-gen.x86_64                                                  0.5.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-gen-devel.x86_64                                            0.5.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-labltk.x86_64                                               8.06.4-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-labltk-devel.x86_64                                         8.06.4-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-menhir.x86_64                                               20190626-4.el8                                                    epel      
ocaml-menhir-devel.x86_64                                         20190626-4.el8                                                    epel      
ocaml-migrate-parsetree.x86_64                                    1.4.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-migrate-parsetree-devel.x86_64                              1.4.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-obuild.x86_64                                               0.1.10-4.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-ocamlbuild.x86_64                                           0.12.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-ocamlbuild-devel.x86_64                                     0.12.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-ocamlbuild-doc.x86_64                                       0.12.0-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
ocaml-ocamldoc.x86_64                                             4.07.0-3.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-ounit.x86_64                                                2.0.8-10.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-ounit-devel.x86_64                                          2.0.8-10.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-pcre.x86_64                                                 7.2.3-19.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-pcre-devel.x86_64                                           7.2.3-19.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-plplot.x86_64                                               5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-plplot-devel.x86_64                                         5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
ocaml-ppx-derivers.x86_64                                         1.2.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-ppx-derivers-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-ppx-tools-versioned.x86_64                                  5.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-ppx-tools-versioned-devel.x86_64                            5.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-ptmap.x86_64                                                2.0.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-ptmap-devel.x86_64                                          2.0.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
ocaml-qcheck.x86_64                                               0.10-4.el8                                                        epel      
ocaml-qcheck-devel.x86_64                                         0.10-4.el8                                                        epel      
ocaml-qtest.x86_64                                                2.9-7.el8                                                         epel      
ocaml-qtest-devel.x86_64                                          2.9-7.el8                                                         epel      
ocaml-result.x86_64                                               1.2-14.el8                                                        epel      
ocaml-result-devel.x86_64                                         1.2-14.el8                                                        epel      
ocaml-runtime.x86_64                                              4.07.0-3.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
ocaml-sedlex.x86_64                                               2.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
ocaml-sedlex-devel.x86_64                                         2.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
ocaml-sha.x86_64                                                  1.12-7.el8                                                        epel      
ocaml-sha-devel.x86_64                                            1.12-7.el8                                                        epel      
ocaml-xml-light.x86_64                                            2.3-0.37.svn234.el8                                               epel      
ocaml-xml-light-devel.x86_64                                      2.3-0.37.svn234.el8                                               epel      
oci-seccomp-bpf-hook.x86_64                                       1.2.8-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                         AppStream 
ocl-icd.x86_64                                                    2.2.13-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
ocl-icd-devel.x86_64                                              2.2.13-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
ocproxy.x86_64                                                    1.60-1.20190728gitc98f06d.el8                                     epel      
ocserv.x86_64                                                     1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ocsinventory-agent.x86_64                                         2.9.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
ocspd.x86_64                                                      1.9.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
octave.x86_64                                                     6:5.2.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
octave-GeographicLib.noarch                                       1.50.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
octave-devel.x86_64                                               6:5.2.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
octave-doc.noarch                                                 6:5.2.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
octomap.x86_64                                                    1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
octomap-devel.x86_64                                              1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
octomap-doc.noarch                                                1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
octomap-octovis.x86_64                                            1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
octomap-octovis-devel.x86_64                                      1.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
oddjob.x86_64                                                     0.34.7-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
oddjob-doc.noarch                                                 0.34.7-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                                           0.34.7-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
odfpy-doc.noarch                                                  1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ofarc.x86_64                                                      1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ofdns.x86_64                                                      1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
officeparser.noarch                                               0.20180820-4.el8                                                  epel      
ofhash.x86_64                                                     1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ofhttp.x86_64                                                     1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ofx.x86_64                                                        0.9.13-4.el8                                                      epel      
ogdi.x86_64                                                       4.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ogdi-devel.x86_64                                                 4.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ogdi-odbc.x86_64                                                  4.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ogdi-tcl.x86_64                                                   4.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
oidc-agent-cli.x86_64                                             5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
oidc-agent-desktop.x86_64                                         5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
oidc-agent-devel.x86_64                                           5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
oidc-agent-libs.x86_64                                            5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
oidentd.x86_64                                                    2.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ois.x86_64                                                        1.3.0-22.el8                                                      epel      
ois-devel.x86_64                                                  1.3.0-22.el8                                                      epel      
okteta.x86_64                                                     1:0.26.4-5.el8                                                    epel      
okteta-devel.x86_64                                               1:0.26.4-5.el8                                                    epel      
okteta-libs.x86_64                                                1:0.26.4-5.el8                                                    epel      
okular.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
okular-devel.x86_64                                               22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
okular-libs.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
okular-mobile.x86_64                                              22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
okular-part.x86_64                                                22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
omping.x86_64                                                     0.0.4-18.an8                                                      AppStream 
onednn.x86_64                                                     1.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
onednn-devel.x86_64                                               1.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
onedrive.x86_64                                                   2.4.23-2.el8                                                      epel      
onesixtyone.x86_64                                                0.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ongres-scram.noarch                                               1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                                AppStream 
ongres-scram-client.noarch                                        1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                                AppStream 
oniguruma.x86_64                                                  6.8.2-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
oniguruma-devel.x86_64                                            6.8.2-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
oniguruma-doc.noarch                                              6.8.2-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
oomd.x86_64                                                       0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
opa-address-resolution.x86_64                                     1:10.11.1.3.1-1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
opa-basic-tools.x86_64                                            1:10.11.1.3.1-1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
opa-fastfabric.x86_64                                             1:10.11.1.3.1-1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
opa-fm.x86_64                                                     1:10.11.2.0.3-1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
opa-libopamgt.x86_64                                              1:10.11.1.3.1-1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
opari2.x86_64                                                     2.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
open-sans-fonts.noarch                                            1.10-6.an8                                                        AppStream 
open-sendmail.noarch                                              0-0.12.20090107cvs.el8                                            epel      
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                              12.1.5-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                                      12.1.5-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
open-vm-tools-sdmp.x86_64                                         12.1.5-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
openal-soft.x86_64                                                1.18.2-7.el8                                                      AppStream 
openal-soft-devel.x86_64                                          1.18.2-7.el8                                                      AppStream 
openarc.x86_64                                                    1.0.0-0.15.Beta3.el8                                              epel      
openbabel.x86_64                                                  3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbabel-devel.x86_64                                            3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbabel-doc.noarch                                              3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbabel-gui.x86_64                                              3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbabel-libs.x86_64                                             3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbgpd.x86_64                                                   8.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
openbios.noarch                                                   1:20200725-4.git7f28286.el8                                       epel      
openblas.x86_64                                                   0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-Rblas.x86_64                                             0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-devel.x86_64                                             0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-openmp.x86_64                                            0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                                          0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-openmp64_.x86_64                                         0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-serial64.x86_64                                          0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-serial64_.x86_64                                         0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-static.x86_64                                            0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-threads.x86_64                                           0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-threads64.x86_64                                         0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openblas-threads64_.x86_64                                        0.3.15-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
openbox.x86_64                                                    3.6.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbox-devel.x86_64                                              3.6.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbox-kde.noarch                                                3.6.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openbox-libs.x86_64                                               3.6.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
openchange.x86_64                                                 2.3-31.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
openchange-doc.noarch                                             2.3-31.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
opencl-filesystem.noarch                                          1.0-6.el8                                                         AppStream 
opencl-headers.noarch                                             2.2-1.20180306gite986688.el8                                      AppStream 
openconnect.x86_64                                                8.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
openconnect-devel.x86_64                                          8.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
openconnect-gateway.noarch                                        0-0.2.20170903git627468b.el8                                      epel      
opencryptoki.x86_64                                               3.19.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opencryptoki-devel.x86_64                                         3.19.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
opencryptoki-icsftok.x86_64                                       3.19.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opencryptoki-libs.x86_64                                          3.19.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opencryptoki-swtok.x86_64                                         3.19.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opencryptoki-tpmtok.x86_64                                        3.19.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opencv.x86_64                                                     3.4.6-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
opencv-contrib.x86_64                                             3.4.6-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
opencv-core.x86_64                                                3.4.6-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
opencv-devel.x86_64                                               3.4.6-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
opencv-doc.noarch                                                 3.4.6-8.an8                                                       PowerTools
opendbx.x86_64                                                    1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-devel.x86_64                                              1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-firebird.x86_64                                           1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-mssql.x86_64                                              1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-mysql.x86_64                                              1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-postgresql.x86_64                                         1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-sqlite.x86_64                                             1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-sybase.x86_64                                             1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendbx-utils.x86_64                                              1.4.6-21.el8                                                      epel      
opendkim.x86_64                                                   2.11.0-0.34.el8                                                   epel      
opendkim-tools.x86_64                                             2.11.0-0.34.el8                                                   epel      
opendmarc.x86_64                                                  1.4.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
openelp.x86_64                                                    0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
openelp-devel.x86_64                                              0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
openfortivpn.x86_64                                               1.17.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
openhantek.x86_64                                                 3.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
openhpi.x86_64                                                    3.8.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
openhpi-doc.noarch                                                3.8.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
openhpi-libs.x86_64                                               3.8.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
openjade.x86_64                                                   1.3.2-57.el8                                                      AppStream 
openjdk-asmtools.noarch                                           8.0.b02.ea-0.6.20230113.gitc0e14f4.el8                            epel      
openjdk-asmtools-javadoc.noarch                                   8.0.b02.ea-0.6.20230113.gitc0e14f4.el8                            epel      
openjdk-asmtools7.noarch                                          7.0.b10-0.7.20210610.gitf40a2c0.el8                               epel      
openjdk-asmtools7-javadoc.noarch                                  7.0.b10-0.7.20210610.gitf40a2c0.el8                               epel      
openjpeg2-devel.x86_64                                            2.4.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
openjpeg2-devel-docs.noarch                                       2.4.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
openjpeg2-tools.x86_64                                            2.4.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
openkim-models.x86_64                                             2021.01.28-2.el8                                                  epel      
openldap-clients.x86_64                                           2.4.46-18.an8                                                     BaseOS    
openldap-devel.x86_64                                             2.4.46-18.an8                                                     BaseOS    
openldap-servers.x86_64                                           2.4.46-18.an8                                                     AppStream 
openmpi.x86_64                                                    1:4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
openmpi-devel.x86_64                                              1:4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
openmpt123.x86_64                                                 0.6.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
openni.x86_64                                                     1.5.7.10-26.el8                                                   epel      
openni-devel.x86_64                                               1.5.7.10-26.el8                                                   epel      
openni-doc.noarch                                                 1.5.7.10-26.el8                                                   epel      
openni-examples.x86_64                                            1.5.7.10-26.el8                                                   epel      
openni-java.x86_64                                                1.5.7.10-26.el8                                                   epel      
openpgm.x86_64                                                    5.2.122-21.el8                                                    epel      
openpgm-devel.x86_64                                              5.2.122-21.el8                                                    epel      
opensc.x86_64                                                     0.20.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opensc-doc.noarch                                                 0.20.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
openscap.x86_64                                                   1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openscap-devel.x86_64                                             1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openscap-engine-sce.x86_64                                        1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openscap-engine-sce-devel.x86_64                                  1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openscap-python3.x86_64                                           1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openscap-report.noarch                                            0.2.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
openscap-scanner.x86_64                                           1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openscap-utils.x86_64                                             1.3.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openslide.x86_64                                                  3.4.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
openslide-devel.x86_64                                            3.4.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
openslide-tools.x86_64                                            3.4.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
openslp.x86_64                                                    2.0.0-20.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
openslp-doc.noarch                                                2.0.0-20.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
opensm.x86_64                                                     3.3.24-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opensm-devel.x86_64                                               3.3.24-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
opensm-doc.noarch                                                 3.3.24-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
opensm-libs.x86_64                                                3.3.24-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
opensmtpd.x86_64                                                  6.8.0p2-3.el8                                                     epel      
opensp.x86_64                                                     1.5.2-28.el8                                                      AppStream 
opensp-devel.x86_64                                               1.5.2-28.el8                                                      AppStream 
openssh-askpass.x86_64                                            8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
openssh-cavs.x86_64                                               8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
openssh-keycat.x86_64                                             8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
openssh-ldap.x86_64                                               8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
openssh-ldap-authkeys.noarch                                      0.2.0^git20230224.62ece4b-1.el8                                   epel      
openssh-ldap-authkeys-selinux.noarch                              0.2.0^git20230224.62ece4b-1.el8                                   epel      
openssh-server.x86_64                                             8.0p1-19.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
openssl-devel.x86_64                                              1:1.1.1k-9.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
openssl-ibmpkcs11.x86_64                                          1.0.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
openssl-ibmpkcs11-doc.noarch                                      1.0.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
openssl-perl.x86_64                                               1:1.1.1k-9.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
openssl-pkcs11-doc.noarch                                         0.4.10-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
openssl3.x86_64                                                   3.0.7-5.el8.1                                                     epel      
openssl3-devel.x86_64                                             3.0.7-5.el8.1                                                     epel      
openssl3-libs.x86_64                                              3.0.7-5.el8.1                                                     epel      
opentest4j.noarch                                                 1.2.0-2.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
opentrep.x86_64                                                   0.07.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
opentrep-devel.x86_64                                             0.07.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
opentrep-doc.noarch                                               0.07.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
openvdb.x86_64                                                    7.0.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
openvdb-devel.x86_64                                              7.0.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
openvdb-libs.x86_64                                               7.0.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
openvpn.x86_64                                                    2.4.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
openvpn-auth-ldap.x86_64                                          2.0.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
openvpn-devel.x86_64                                              2.4.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
openwsman-client.x86_64                                           2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openwsman-doc.noarch                                              2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
openwsman-python3.x86_64                                          2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
openwsman-server.x86_64                                           2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
optipng.x86_64                                                    0.7.7-3.el8                                                       epel      
opus.x86_64                                                       1.3-0.4.beta.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
opus-devel.x86_64                                                 1.3-0.4.beta.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
opus-doc.noarch                                                   1.3-0.4.beta.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
opusfile.x86_64                                                   0.11-3.el8                                                        epel      
opusfile-devel.x86_64                                             0.11-3.el8                                                        epel      
orangefs.x86_64                                                   2.9.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
orangefs-devel.x86_64                                             2.9.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
orangefs-fuse.x86_64                                              2.9.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
orangefs-server.x86_64                                            2.9.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
orc.x86_64                                                        0.4.28-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
orc-compiler.x86_64                                               0.4.28-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
orc-devel.x86_64                                                  0.4.28-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
orc-doc.noarch                                                    0.4.28-3.el8                                                      PowerTools
orca.noarch                                                       40.3-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
orocos-kdl.x86_64                                                 1.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
orocos-kdl-devel.x86_64                                           1.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
orocos-kdl-doc.noarch                                             1.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
osbuild.noarch                                                    81-1.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-composer.x86_64                                           76-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-composer-core.x86_64                                      76-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-composer-dnf-json.x86_64                                  76-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-composer-worker.x86_64                                    76-2.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-doc.noarch                                                81-1.0.1.an8                                                      PowerTools
osbuild-luks2.noarch                                              81-1.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-lvm2.noarch                                               81-1.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-ostree.noarch                                             81-1.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
osbuild-selinux.noarch                                            81-1.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
oscap-anaconda-addon.noarch                                       1.2.1-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
oscap-anaconda-addon-doc.noarch                                   1.2.1-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
oscillatord.x86_64                                                3.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
osinfo-db.noarch                                                  20220727-2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
osinfo-db-extra.noarch                                            20220727-2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                                            1.9.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
osslsigncode.x86_64                                               2.5-3.el8                                                         epel      
ostree.x86_64                                                     2022.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ostree-devel.x86_64                                               2022.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ostree-grub2.x86_64                                               2022.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ostree-libs.x86_64                                                2022.2-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
otf2.x86_64                                                       2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
otf2-devel.x86_64                                                 2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
otf2-doc.noarch                                                   2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
oval-graph.noarch                                                 1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
overpass-fonts.noarch                                             3.0.4-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
overpass-mono-fonts.noarch                                        3.0.4-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
owasp-java-encoder.noarch                                         1.2.2-3.module+an8.4.0+10227+fca8584a                             AppStream 
owasp-java-encoder-javadoc.noarch                                 1.2.2-3.module+an8.4.0+10227+fca8584a                             AppStream 
oxygen-icon-theme.noarch                                          1:5.96.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
oxygen-sound-theme.noarch                                         5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                                              0.23.22-1.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                             0.23.22-1.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
p7zip.x86_64                                                      16.02-20.el8                                                      epel      
p7zip-doc.noarch                                                  16.02-20.el8                                                      epel      
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                                              16.02-20.el8                                                      epel      
pacemaker-cluster-libs.x86_64                                     2.1.5-9.3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
pacemaker-doc.noarch                                              2.1.5-9.3.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
pacemaker-libs.x86_64                                             2.1.5-9.3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
pacemaker-schemas.noarch                                          2.1.5-9.3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
pack.x86_64                                                       0.30.0~pre2-1.el8                                                 epel      
packETH.x86_64                                                    2.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
packetdrill.x86_64                                                2.0~20220927gitc556afb-5.el8                                      epel      
packetdrill-data.noarch                                           2.0~20220927gitc556afb-5.el8                                      epel      
packit.noarch                                                     0.59.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
packmol.x86_64                                                    20.11.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
pagure.noarch                                                     5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-ci.noarch                                                  5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-dist-git.noarch                                            1.13-1.el8                                                        epel      
pagure-ev.noarch                                                  5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-loadjson.noarch                                            5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-logcom.noarch                                              5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-milters.noarch                                             5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-mirror.noarch                                              5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-theme-chameleon.noarch                                     5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-theme-pagureio.noarch                                      5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-theme-srcfpo.noarch                                        5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-web-apache-httpd.noarch                                    5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-web-nginx.noarch                                           5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
pagure-webhook.noarch                                             5.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
painless-password-rotation.noarch                                 0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
pakchois.x86_64                                                   0.4-17.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pakchois-doc.noarch                                               0.4-17.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
paktype-naqsh-fonts.noarch                                        4.1-8.el8                                                         AppStream 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                                  4.1-9.el8                                                         AppStream 
paktype-tehreer-fonts.noarch                                      4.1-8.el8                                                         AppStream 
pam-devel.x86_64                                                  1.3.1-25.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
pam-kwallet.x86_64                                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
pam_2fa.x86_64                                                    1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
pam_cifscreds.x86_64                                              7.0-1.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
pam_duo.x86_64                                                    1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
pam_krb5.x86_64                                                   4.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
pam_mount.x86_64                                                  2.16-10.el8                                                       epel      
pam_oath.x86_64                                                   2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
pam_radius.x86_64                                                 2.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
pam_script.x86_64                                                 1.1.9-7.el8                                                       epel      
pam_ssh.x86_64                                                    2.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
pam_ssh_agent_auth.x86_64                                         0.10.3-7.19.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
pam_ssh_user_auth.x86_64                                          1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
pam_url.x86_64                                                    1:0.3.3-12.el8                                                    epel      
pam_yubico.x86_64                                                 2.26-4.el8                                                        epel      
pamtester.x86_64                                                  0.1.2-14.el8                                                      epel      
pandoc.x86_64                                                     2.0.6-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
pandoc-common.noarch                                              2.0.6-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
pango-devel.x86_64                                                1.48.7-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pango-doc.noarch                                                  1.48.7-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
pangomm.x86_64                                                    2.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pangomm-devel.x86_64                                              2.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pangomm-doc.noarch                                                2.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
paper.x86_64                                                      2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
papi.x86_64                                                       6.0.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
papi-devel.x86_64                                                 6.0.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
papi-libs.x86_64                                                  6.0.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
papi-testsuite.x86_64                                             6.0.0-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
papirus-icon-theme.noarch                                         20230901-1.el8                                                    epel      
paps.x86_64                                                       0.7.1-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
par2cmdline.x86_64                                                0.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
parallel.noarch                                                   20190922-1.el8                                                    epel      
paratype-pt-sans-caption-fonts.noarch                             20141121-6.el8                                                    AppStream 
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                                     20141121-6.el8                                                    AppStream 
paraview.x86_64                                                   5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-data.noarch                                              5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-devel.x86_64                                             5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-doc.noarch                                               5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-mpich.x86_64                                             5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-mpich-devel.x86_64                                       5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-openmpi.x86_64                                           5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
paraview-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                     5.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
parley.x86_64                                                     22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
parole.x86_64                                                     4.16.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
parole-devel.x86_64                                               4.16.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
parquet-glib-devel.x86_64                                         8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
parquet-glib-doc.x86_64                                           8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
parquet-glib-libs.x86_64                                          8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
parquet-libs.x86_64                                               8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
parquet-libs-devel.x86_64                                         8.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
partclone.x86_64                                                  0.3.27-1.el8                                                      epel      
parted-devel.x86_64                                               3.2-39.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
parted-doc.noarch                                                 3.2-39.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
pass.noarch                                                       1.7.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
passenger.x86_64                                                  6.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
passenger-devel.x86_64                                            6.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
passwd.x86_64                                                     0.80-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
passwd-doc.noarch                                                 0.80-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
past-time.noarch                                                  0.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
pastebinit.noarch                                                 1.5-11.el8                                                        epel      
patatt.noarch                                                     0.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
patch-doc.noarch                                                  2.7.6-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
patchelf.x86_64                                                   0.12-1.el8                                                        epel      
paternoster.noarch                                                3.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
pavucontrol.x86_64                                                3.0-11.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pavucontrol-doc.noarch                                            3.0-11.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
pax.x86_64                                                        3.4-41.el8                                                        epel      
pax-utils.x86_64                                                  1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
pbuilder.noarch                                                   0.230.4-2.el8                                                     epel      
pbzip2.x86_64                                                     1.1.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                                 1.1-2.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
pcaudiolib-doc.noarch                                             1.1-2.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
pcg-cpp-devel.x86_64                                              0.98.1-2.20220420git428802d.el8                                   epel      
pcg-cpp-doc.noarch                                                0.98.1-2.20220420git428802d.el8                                   epel      
pcicrawler.noarch                                                 1.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
pciutils.x86_64                                                   3.7.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
pciutils-devel.x86_64                                             3.7.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                              3.7.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
pcl.x86_64                                                        1.11.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
pcl-devel.x86_64                                                  1.11.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
pcl-doc.noarch                                                    1.11.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
pcl-tools.x86_64                                                  1.11.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
pcm.x86_64                                                        202211-0.an8                                                      AppStream 
pcm-debugsource.x86_64                                            202211-0.an8                                                      AppStream 
pcm-doc.noarch                                                    202107-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
pcodedmp.noarch                                                   1.2.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
pcp.x86_64                                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-conf.x86_64                                                   5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-devel.x86_64                                                  5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-doc.noarch                                                    5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2elasticsearch.x86_64                               5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2spark.x86_64                                       5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                                      5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-gui.x86_64                                                    5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                                    5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                                     5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                                      5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-libs.x86_64                                                   5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                                               5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bpftrace.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-denki.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                                                5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                                     5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-hacluster.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                                               5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                                               5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mongodb.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mssql.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-netcheck.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-openmetrics.x86_64                                       5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-openvswitch.x86_64                                       5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-rabbitmq.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                                          5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-sockets.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-statsd.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                                            5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                                             5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                                5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                                           5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                                               5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                                   8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                                 8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
pcre-doc.noarch                                                   8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
pcre-static.x86_64                                                8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                                 8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                                 8.42-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                                10.32-3.0.1.an8_6                                                 BaseOS    
pcre2-tools.x86_64                                                10.32-3.0.1.an8_6                                                 AppStream 
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                                10.32-3.0.1.an8_6                                                 BaseOS    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                                10.32-3.0.1.an8_6                                                 BaseOS    
pcs.x86_64                                                        0.10.15-4.0.1.an8.1                                               AppStream 
pcsc-cyberjack.x86_64                                             3.99.5final.SP15-1.el8                                            epel      
pcsc-cyberjack-cjflash.x86_64                                     3.99.5final.SP15-1.el8                                            epel      
pcsc-cyberjack-examples.noarch                                    3.99.5final.SP15-1.el8                                            epel      
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                                  1.9.5-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                             1.4.29-5.1.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-ccid-doc.noarch                                         1.4.29-5.1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
pcsc-lite-devel.x86_64                                            1.9.5-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
pcsc-lite-doc.noarch                                              1.9.5-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                             1.9.5-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
pcsc-perl.x86_64                                                  1.4.14-12.el8                                                     epel      
pcsc-tools.x86_64                                                 1.5.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
pcsc-tools-gscriptor.x86_64                                       1.5.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
pdfgrep.x86_64                                                    2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
pdftk-java.noarch                                                 3.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns.x86_64                                                       4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-ldap.x86_64                                          4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-lua2.x86_64                                          4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-mysql.x86_64                                         4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-pipe.x86_64                                          4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-postgresql.x86_64                                    4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-remote.x86_64                                        4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-sqlite.x86_64                                        4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-backend-tinydns.x86_64                                       4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-ixfrdist.x86_64                                              4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-recursor.x86_64                                              4.8.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdns-tools.x86_64                                                 4.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pdsh.x86_64                                                       2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pdsh-mod-dshgroup.x86_64                                          2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pdsh-mod-genders.x86_64                                           2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pdsh-mod-netgroup.x86_64                                          2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pdsh-mod-slurm.x86_64                                             2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pdsh-rcmd-rsh.x86_64                                              2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pdsh-rcmd-ssh.x86_64                                              2.34-5.el8                                                        epel      
pe-bear.x86_64                                                    0.6.5.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                             1.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pentaho-libxml-doc.noarch                                         1.1.3-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                              1:0.9.4-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine-doc.noarch                          1:0.9.4-15.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
percolator.x86_64                                                 3.05-1.el8                                                        epel      
percolator-data.noarch                                            3.05-1.el8                                                        epel      
percolator-static.x86_64                                          3.05-1.el8                                                        epel      
perf.x86_64                                                       4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
perftest.x86_64                                                   4.5.0.20-4.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
perftest-doc.noarch                                               4.5.0.20-4.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
peripety.x86_64                                                   0.1.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-AWS-Signature4.noarch                                        1.02-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Algorithm-C3.noarch                                          0.10-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Algorithm-Combinatorics.x86_64                               0.27-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Algorithm-Diff-doc.noarch                                    1.1903-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Algorithm-Loops.noarch                                       1.032-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Any-Moose.noarch                                             0.27-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Any-URI-Escape.noarch                                        0.01-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                                              7.14-6.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-AnyEvent-AIO.noarch                                          1.1-31.el8                                                        epel      
perl-AnyEvent-BDB.noarch                                          1.1-34.el8                                                        epel      
perl-AnyEvent-CacheDNS.noarch                                     0.08-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-AnyEvent-HTTP.noarch                                         2.24-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Apache-DBI.noarch                                            1.12-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Apache-LogFormat-Compiler.noarch                             0.35-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Apache-Reload.noarch                                         0.13-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Apache-Session.noarch                                        1.93-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Apache-Session-Browseable.noarch                             1.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Apache-Session-LDAP.noarch                                   0.4-9.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Apache-Session-NoSQL.noarch                                  0.2-13.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Apache-Session-Redis.noarch                                  0.2-13.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Apache2-SOAP.noarch                                          0.73-31.el8                                                       epel      
perl-App-CSV.noarch                                               0.08-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-App-Nopaste.noarch                                           1.013-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-App-cpanminus.noarch                                         1.7044-5.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                            AppStream 
perl-AppConfig.noarch                                             1.71-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Archive-Any-Lite.noarch                                      0.11-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Archive-Extract.noarch                                       1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-Z-Compress-Zlib.noarch                       1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-Z-uncompress.noarch                          1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-bz2-IO-Uncompress-Bunzip2.noarch             1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-bz2-bunzip2.noarch                           1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-gz-Compress-Zlib.noarch                      1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-gz-gzip.noarch                               1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-lzma-unlzma.noarch                           1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tar-Archive-Tar.noarch                       1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tar-tar.noarch                               1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tbz-Archive-Tar-IO-Uncompress-Bunzip2.noarch 1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tbz-tar-bunzip2.noarch                       1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tgz-Archive-Tar-Compress-Zlib.noarch         1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tgz-Archive-Tar-IO-Zlib.noarch               1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-tgz-tar-gzip.noarch                          1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-txz-tar-unxz.noarch                          1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-xz-unxz.noarch                               1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-zip-Archive-Zip.noarch                       1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Extract-zip-unzip.noarch                             1:0.88-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Archive-Peek.noarch                                          0.35-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Archive-Tar-doc.noarch                                       2.30-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Archive-Zip-SimpleZip.noarch                                 0.025-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Array-Diff.noarch                                            1:0.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Array-Unique.noarch                                          0.08-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Array-Utils.noarch                                           0.5-25.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Astro-FITS-CFITSIO.x86_64                                    1.15-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Astro-SunTime.noarch                                         0.06-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-AuthCAS.noarch                                               1.7-10.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Authen-Captcha.noarch                                        1.024-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Authen-Credential.noarch                                     1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Authen-DecHpwd.x86_64                                        2.007-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Authen-Krb5.x86_64                                           1.9-28.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Authen-PAM.x86_64                                            0.16-37.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Authen-Passphrase.noarch                                     0.008-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Authen-Radius.noarch                                         0.31-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                                           2.16-13.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-Authen-SASL-doc.noarch                                       2.16-13.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Authen-Simple.noarch                                         0.5-22.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Authen-Simple-Passwd.noarch                                  0.6-26.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Authen-WebAuthn.noarch                                       0.001-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-B-COW.x86_64                                                 0.004-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-B-Compiling.x86_64                                           0.06-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-B-Debug-doc.noarch                                           1.26-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                                    0.21-6.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-B-Hooks-OP-Annotation.x86_64                                 0.44-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-B-Hooks-OP-Check.x86_64                                      0.22-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-B-Keywords.noarch                                            1.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-B-Lint.noarch                                                1.20-11.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-B-Lint-doc.noarch                                            1.20-11.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-B-Utils.x86_64                                               0.27-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-BDB.x86_64                                                   1.92-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-BSD-Resource.x86_64                                          1.291.100-11.el8                                                  epel      
perl-Bencode.noarch                                               1.502-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Bencode-tests.noarch                                         1.502-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-BerkeleyDB.x86_64                                            0.63-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                                            7.4-11.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Bit-Vector-doc.noarch                                        7.4-11.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Browser-Open.noarch                                          0.04-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                                         3.005-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                                    20191107-4.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Bytes-Random-Secure.noarch                                   0.29-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-CBOR-XS.x86_64                                               1.71-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-CDB_File.x86_64                                              1.02-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-CGI.noarch                                                   4.38-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-CGI-Compile.noarch                                           0.23-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-CGI-Emulate-PSGI.noarch                                      0.23-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-CGI-Fast.noarch                                              2.15-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-CGI-SpeedyCGI.x86_64                                         2.22-39.el8                                                       epel      
perl-CGI-doc.noarch                                               4.38-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-CLASS.noarch                                                 1.00-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-CPAN-Changes.noarch                                          0.400002-13.el8                                                   epel      
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                                     0.12-13.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                             AppStream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check.noarch                                       0.014-6.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                             AppStream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements-doc.noarch                            2.140-396.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML-doc.noarch                                    0.018-397.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-CPAN-Meta-doc.noarch                                         2.150010-396.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-CPAN-doc.noarch                                              2.18-397.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-CSS-Tiny.noarch                                              1.20-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cache-Cache.noarch                                           1.08-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cache-FastMmap.x86_64                                        1.48-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Cache-LRU.noarch                                             0.04-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cache-Memcached.noarch                                       1.30-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cairo.x86_64                                                 1.107-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cairo-GObject.x86_64                                         1.005-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Canary-Stability.noarch                                      2012-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Capture-Tiny.noarch                                          0.46-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Carp-Always.noarch                                           0.16-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Carp-Assert.noarch                                           0.21-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Carp-Assert-More.noarch                                      1.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                             6.06-6.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Carp-Fix-1_25.noarch                                         1.000001-20.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Carp-doc.noarch                                              1.42-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Child.noarch                                                 0.013-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                                        0.51-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Class-Accessor-Grouped.noarch                                0.10014-10.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Class-Accessor-Lite.noarch                                   0.08-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-C3.noarch                                              0.34-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Class-C3-Componentised.noarch                                1.001002-10.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Class-DBI.noarch                                             3.0.17-38.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Class-DBI-Plugin.noarch                                      0.03-42.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-DBI-Plugin-DeepAbstractSearch.noarch                   0.08-33.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch                                0.08-27.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Class-ErrorHandler.noarch                                    0.04-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-Factory-Util.noarch                                    1.7-27.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Class-ISA.noarch                                             0.36-1022.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
perl-Class-ISA-doc.noarch                                         0.36-1022.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                                       1.32-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Class-Inspector-doc.noarch                                   1.32-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Class-Iterator.noarch                                        0.3-22.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Class-Load.noarch                                            0.25-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Class-Load-XS.x86_64                                         0.10-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-Measure.noarch                                         0.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Class-Measure-tests.noarch                                   0.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch                                2.12-8.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Class-MethodMaker.x86_64                                     2.24-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-Mix.noarch                                             0.006-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                                       1.5-9.el8                                                         AppStream 
perl-Class-Std.noarch                                             0.013-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Class-Std-Fast.noarch                                        0.0.8-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Class-Tiny.noarch                                            1.006-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Class-Trigger.noarch                                         0.15-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Class-Unload.noarch                                          0.11-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                                      1.19-14.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Clipboard.noarch                                             0.26-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Clone.x86_64                                                 0.39-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Clone-Choose.noarch                                          0.010-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Clone-PP.noarch                                              1.07-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Collectd.x86_64                                              5.9.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Color-ANSI-Util.noarch                                       0.164-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Color-RGB-Util.noarch                                        0.601-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ColorThemeBase-Static.noarch                                 0.008-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ColorThemeRole-ANSI.noarch                                   0.001-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ColorThemeUtil-ANSI.noarch                                   0.001-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Compress-Bzip2-doc.noarch                                    2.26-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Compress-LZF.x86_64                                          3.8-14.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib-doc.noarch                                 2.081-1.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Compress-Stream-Zstd.x86_64                                  0.202-3.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Config-Any.noarch                                            0.32-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Config-AutoConf.noarch                                       0.315-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Config-General.noarch                                        2.63-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Config-Generator.noarch                                      1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Config-GitLike.noarch                                        1.18-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Config-Grammar.noarch                                        1.13-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Config-IniFiles.noarch                                       3.000002-3.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Config-Perl-V-doc.noarch                                     0.30-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Config-Simple.noarch                                         4.59-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Config-Std.noarch                                            0.903-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Config-Tiny.noarch                                           2.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Config-Validator.noarch                                      1.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Const-Fast.noarch                                            0.014-19.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Context-Preserve.noarch                                      0.03-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Contextual-Return.noarch                                     0.004014-10.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                                          0.27-17.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-Convert-ASN1-doc.noarch                                      0.27-17.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Convert-Base32.noarch                                        0.06-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Convert-Bencode.noarch                                       1.03-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Convert-Bencode_XS.x86_64                                    0.06-27.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Convert-BinHex.noarch                                        1.125-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Convert-PEM.noarch                                           0.08-31.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Convert-TNEF.noarch                                          0.18-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Convert-UU.noarch                                            0.5201-27.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Convert-UUlib.x86_64                                         3:1.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cookie-Baker.noarch                                          0.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Coro.x86_64                                                  6.570-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Cpanel-JSON-XS.x86_64                                        4.14-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-Blowfish.x86_64                                        2.14-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-CBC.noarch                                             2.33-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-CipherSaber.noarch                                     1.01-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-Cracklib.x86_64                                        1.7-24.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-Curve25519.x86_64                                      0.06-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-DES.x86_64                                             2.07-19.1.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Crypt-DES_EDE3.noarch                                        0.01-37.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-DH.noarch                                              0.07-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-DH-GMP.x86_64                                          0.00012-16.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Crypt-DSA.noarch                                             1.17-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-ECB.noarch                                             2.22-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-Eksblowfish.x86_64                                     0.009-26.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Crypt-GPG.noarch                                             1.64-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-GeneratePassword.noarch                                0.05-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-IDEA.x86_64                                            1.10-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-MySQL.x86_64                                           0.04-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum.x86_64                                  0.09-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum-doc.noarch                              0.09-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA.x86_64                                     0.31-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA-doc.noarch                                 0.31-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random.x86_64                                  0.15-3.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random-doc.noarch                              0.15-3.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-X509.x86_64                                    1.813-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-PWSafe3.noarch                                         1.22-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-PasswdMD5.noarch                                       1.4.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Crypt-RC4.noarch                                             2.02-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-Random-Seed.noarch                                     0.03-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-Random-Source.noarch                                   0.14-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-Rijndael.x86_64                                        1.14-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-SMIME.x86_64                                           0.25-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-SMIME-tests.x86_64                                     0.25-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-SSLeay.x86_64                                          0.72-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-Salsa20.noarch                                         0.03-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-ScryptKDF.x86_64                                       0.010-14.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Crypt-SmbHash.noarch                                         0.12-38.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-Twofish.x86_64                                         2.17-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Crypt-URandom.noarch                                         0.39-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-URandom-tests.noarch                                   0.39-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-UnixCrypt_XS.x86_64                                    0.11-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Crypt-X509.noarch                                            0.51-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-CryptX.x86_64                                                0.076-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-CryptX-tests.noarch                                          0.076-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Curses.x86_64                                                1.36-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Curses-UI.noarch                                             0.9609-15.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Cwd-Guard.noarch                                             0.05-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DBD-CSV.noarch                                               0.55-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBD-Firebird.x86_64                                          1.34-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBD-Mock.noarch                                              1.55-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                             4.046-3.module+an8.7.0+10928+831ad9c0                             AppStream 
perl-DBD-ODBC.x86_64                                              1.61-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBD-Pg.x86_64                                                3.7.4-4.module+an8.7.0+10944+9b82e0e3                             AppStream 
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                                            1.58-2.module+an8.7.0+10924+5e175152                              AppStream 
perl-DBD-SQLite-doc.noarch                                        1.58-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-DBI.x86_64                                                   1.641-4.module+an8.7.0+10907+e4eee451                             AppStream 
perl-DBI-doc.noarch                                               1.641-1.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-DBIx-Class.noarch                                            0.082842-4.el8                                                    epel      
perl-DBIx-Class-Storage-Debug-PrettyPrint.noarch                  1.87-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBIx-Connector.noarch                                        0.56-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DBIx-ContextualFetch.noarch                                  1.03-40.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DBIx-QueryLog.noarch                                         0.42-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBIx-RunSQL.noarch                                           0.21-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DBIx-Safe.noarch                                             1.2.5-37.el8                                                      epel      
perl-DBIx-Simple.noarch                                           1.37-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DBIx-XHTML_Table.noarch                                      1.49-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DBM-Deep.noarch                                              2.0016-3.el8                                                      epel      
perl-DB_File-doc.noarch                                           1.842-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Data-Binary.noarch                                           0.01-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Data-Buffer.noarch                                           0.04-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                                          1.26-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Data-Denter.noarch                                           0.15-29.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                             1.23-7.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-Data-Dump-Color.noarch                                       0.241-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Dump-Streamer.x86_64                                    2.40-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Dumper-Concise.noarch                                   2.023-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Data-Dumper-Names.noarch                                     0.03-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Dumper-doc.noarch                                       2.167-399.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Data-Entropy.noarch                                          0.007-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Data-Faker.noarch                                            0.10-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Float.noarch                                            0.013-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-GUID.noarch                                             0.049-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Data-HexDump.noarch                                          0.02-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-IEEE754.noarch                                          0.02-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Data-IEEE754-tests.noarch                                    0.02-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Data-Integer.noarch                                          0.006-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-MessagePack.x86_64                                      1.01-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Data-OptList-doc.noarch                                      0.110-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Data-Password.noarch                                         1.12-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Perl.noarch                                             0.002009-17.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Data-Printer.noarch                                          1.000004-4.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Data-Report.noarch                                           0.10-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Section-Simple.noarch                                   0.07-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Serializer.noarch                                       0.60-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Stream-Bulk.noarch                                      0.11-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Taxi.noarch                                             0.96-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-UUID.x86_64                                             1.221-10.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                                           0.12-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Validate-IP.noarch                                      0.27-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Data-Visitor.noarch                                          0.32-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                             6.4-9.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
perl-Date-Calc-doc.noarch                                         6.4-9.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
perl-Date-Holidays-DE.noarch                                      2.06-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                                          0.005-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                                            6.60-2.el8                                                        BaseOS    
perl-Date-Range.noarch                                            1.41-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Date-Simple.x86_64                                           3.03-29.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime.x86_64                                              2:1.50-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Mayan.noarch                               0.0601-27.el8                                                     epel      
perl-DateTime-Event-ICal.noarch                                   0.13-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime-Event-Recurrence.noarch                             0.19-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch                               0.8100-15.el8                                                     AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Format-DateParse.noarch                             0.05-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Epoch.noarch                                 0.16-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Excel.noarch                                 1:0.31-27.el8                                                     epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Flexible.noarch                              0.34-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Flexible-tests.noarch                        0.34-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-HTTP.noarch                                  0.42-9.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Format-ICal.noarch                                  0.09-33.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-ISO8601.noarch                               0.08-17.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Format-Mail.noarch                                  1:0.403-6.el8                                                     AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Format-MySQL.noarch                                 0.06-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Natural.noarch                               1.09-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Natural-Test.noarch                          1.09-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Pg.noarch                                    0.16013-12.el8                                                    epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-RFC3339.noarch                               1.2.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-SQLite.noarch                                0.11-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch                              1:1.75-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Format-W3CDTF.noarch                                0.07-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                                       1.17-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-DateTime-Set.noarch                                          0.3900-12.el8                                                     epel      
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                                     2.19-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch                             0.010-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch                              0.011-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-DateTimeX-Easy.noarch                                        0.091-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DateTimeX-Easy-tests.noarch                                  0.091-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Declare-Constraints-Simple.noarch                            0.03-36.el8                                                       epel      
perl-DepGen-Perl-Tests.noarch                                     0.1.2-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Devel-ArgNames.noarch                                        0.03-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                                     0.008-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Devel-CallParser.x86_64                                      0.002-20.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                                          2.06-15.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Devel-CheckCompiler.noarch                                   0.07-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-CheckLib.noarch                                        1.11-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Devel-Cover.x86_64                                           1.33-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Devel-Cycle.noarch                                           1.12-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-Declare.x86_64                                         0.006019-14.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch                               0.14-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Devel-Hide.noarch                                            0.0010-6.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Devel-Leak.x86_64                                            0.03-41.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                                        0.05-16.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Devel-NYTProf.x86_64                                         6.12-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Devel-NYTProf-tests.x86_64                                   6.12-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Devel-OverloadInfo.noarch                                    0.005-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-PPPort-doc.noarch                                      3.36-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Devel-PartialDump.noarch                                     0.20-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Devel-PatchPerl.noarch                                       1.64-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Devel-REPL.noarch                                            1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-Completion.noarch                          1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-CompletionDriver-INC.noarch                1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-CompletionDriver-Keywords.noarch           1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-DDC.noarch                                 1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-DDS.noarch                                 1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-Interrupt.noarch                           1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-LexEnv.noarch                              1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-MultiLine-PPI.noarch                       1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-Nopaste.noarch                             1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-PPI.noarch                                 1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-Plugin-Refresh.noarch                             1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-REPL-tests.noarch                                      1.003029-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Devel-Refcount.x86_64                                        0.10-27.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-Size-doc.noarch                                        0.81-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                                      1:2.03-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Devel-StackTrace-AsHTML.noarch                               0.15-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Devel-StackTrace-WithLexicals.noarch                         2.01-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Devel-Symdump.noarch                                         1:2.18-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Devel-Timer.noarch                                           0.13-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Device-SerialPort.x86_64                                     1.04-35.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Digest-BubbleBabble.noarch                                   0.02-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Digest-CRC.x86_64                                            0.22.2-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                                           1.03-17.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-Digest-MD4.x86_64                                            1.9-23.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Digest-MD5-File.noarch                                       0.08-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Digest-MD5-doc.noarch                                        2.55-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Digest-Perl-MD5.noarch                                       1.9-18.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                                           2.13-23.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Digest-doc.noarch                                            1.17-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Dir-Self.noarch                                              0.11-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Directory-Queue.noarch                                       2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Directory-Queue-tests.noarch                                 2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Directory-Scratch.noarch                                     0.18-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                                   0.11-11.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                                  0.003-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-EV.x86_64                                                    4.22-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Email-Abstract.noarch                                        3.008-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Email-Address.noarch                                         1.912-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Email-Address-XS.x86_64                                      1.04-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                                     1.005-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Email-MIME.noarch                                            1.949-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Email-MIME-ContentType.noarch                                1.024-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Email-MIME-Encodings.noarch                                  1.315-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Email-MessageID.noarch                                       1.406-14.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Email-Sender.noarch                                          1.300031-9.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Email-Simple.noarch                                          2.216-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Email-Valid.noarch                                           1.202-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Encode-Detect.x86_64                                         1.01-28.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-Encode-Detect-doc.noarch                                     1.01-28.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII.x86_64                                     0.03-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Encode-HanExtra.x86_64                                       0.23-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Encode-IMAPUTF7.noarch                                       1.05-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Env-Sanctify.noarch                                          1.12-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Env-doc.noarch                                               1.04-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                                          0.14-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Eval-WithLexicals.noarch                                     1.003006-10.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Event.x86_64                                                 1.27-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Excel-Writer-XLSX.noarch                                     1.03-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Exception-Base.noarch                                        0.2501-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                                       1.44-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Exception-Class-TryCatch.noarch                              1.13-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Expect.noarch                                                1.35-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Exporter-Declare.noarch                                      0.114-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Exporter-Lite.noarch                                         0.08-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Exporter-Tidy.noarch                                         0.08-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                                         1.000000-4.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Exporter-doc.noarch                                          5.72-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder-doc.noarch                                 1:0.280230-2.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-ExtUtils-CChecker.noarch                                     0.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-ExtUtils-Config.noarch                                       0.008-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-ExtUtils-Depends.noarch                                      0.8000-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-ExtUtils-F77.noarch                                          1.24-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-ExtUtils-HasCompiler.noarch                                  0.022-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ExtUtils-Helpers.noarch                                      0.026-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-ExtUtils-Install-doc.noarch                                  2.14-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-ExtUtils-InstallPaths.noarch                                 0.012-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-CPANfile.noarch                           0.09-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker-doc.noarch                                1:7.34-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest-doc.noarch                                 1.70-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS-doc.noarch                                  1:3.35-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-ExtUtils-PkgConfig.noarch                                    1.16-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ExtUtils-XSBuilder.noarch                                    0.28-34.el8                                                       epel      
perl-FCGI.x86_64                                                  1:0.78-11.module+an8.7.0+10911+71540f8c                           AppStream 
perl-FCGI-Client.noarch                                           0.09-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-FCGI-ProcManager.noarch                                      0.28-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Fennec-Lite.noarch                                           0.004-22.el8                                                      epel      
perl-File-BaseDir.noarch                                          0.08-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-File-CheckTree.noarch                                        4.42-303.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-File-CheckTree-doc.noarch                                    4.42-303.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                                   0.40-3.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-File-Copy-Recursive-Reduced.noarch                           0.006-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-DesktopEntry.noarch                                     0.22-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-File-Edit-Portable.noarch                                    1.25-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-FcntlLock.x86_64                                        0.22-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-Fetch-doc.noarch                                        0.56-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-File-Find-Iterator.noarch                                    0.4-22.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-Find-Object.noarch                                      0.3.2-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-File-Find-Object-Rule.noarch                                 0.0311-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                                        0.34-8.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-File-Find-Rule-Perl.noarch                                   1.15-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-HomeDir-doc.noarch                                      1.002-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-File-KeePass.noarch                                          2.03-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-LibMagic.x86_64                                         1.16-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-Listing.noarch                                          6.04-17.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-File-Map.x86_64                                              0.67-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-MimeInfo.noarch                                         0.28-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-File-NFSLock.noarch                                          1.29-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-Next.noarch                                             1.18-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-Path-Tiny.noarch                                        0.9-9.el8                                                         epel      
perl-File-Path-doc.noarch                                         2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-File-ReadBackwards.noarch                                    1.05-11.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-File-Remove.noarch                                           1.57-6.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-File-Share.noarch                                            0.25-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                                         1.104-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-File-ShareDir-Install.noarch                                 0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-ShareDir-doc.noarch                                     1.104-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                                            9999.19-19.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
perl-File-Slurp-doc.noarch                                        9999.19-19.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                                          0.012-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-Tail.noarch                                             1.3-13.el8                                                        epel      
perl-File-Temp-doc.noarch                                         0.230.600-1.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
perl-File-Tempdir.noarch                                          0.02-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-Touch.noarch                                            0.11-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-Touch-tests.noarch                                      0.11-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-TreeCreate.noarch                                       0.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-Type.noarch                                             0.22-35.el8                                                       epel      
perl-File-Which-doc.noarch                                        1.22-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-File-chdir.noarch                                            0.1011-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-File-pushd.noarch                                            1.014-6.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                             AppStream 
perl-FileHandle-Fmode.x86_64                                      0.14-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Filesys-Df.x86_64                                            0.92-36.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Filesys-Notify-Simple.noarch                                 0.13-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Filter-Simple-doc.noarch                                     0.94-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Filter-doc.noarch                                            2:1.58-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Finance-Quote.noarch                                         1.52-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                                              1.20-31.el8.1                                                     epel      
perl-Font-TTF.noarch                                              1.06-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Font-TTF-XMLparse.noarch                                     1.06-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-FreezeThaw.noarch                                            0.5001-28.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Frontier-RPC.noarch                                          0.07b4p1-36.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Frontier-RPC-Client.noarch                                   0.07b4p1-36.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Frontier-RPC-doc.noarch                                      0.07b4p1-36.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Fsdb.noarch                                                  2:3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Function-Parameters.x86_64                                   2.1.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-FusionInventory-Agent.noarch                                 2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Future.noarch                                                0.46-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GD.x86_64                                                    2.71-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                                            1.15-36.el8                                                       epel      
perl-GD-SecurityImage.noarch                                      1.75-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GDGraph.noarch                                               1:1.54-11.el8                                                     epel      
perl-GDTextUtil.noarch                                            0.86-42.el8                                                       epel      
perl-GIS-Distance.noarch                                          0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GIS-Distance-Fast.x86_64                                     0.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GIS-Distance-Fast-tests.noarch                               0.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GIS-Distance-tests.noarch                                    0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                                0.28-25.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-GSSAPI-doc.noarch                                            0.28-25.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-GTop.x86_64                                                  0.18-27.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Geo-Distance.noarch                                          0.25-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Geo-IP.x86_64                                                1.51-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-GeoIP2.noarch                                                2.006002-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-GeoIP2-tests.noarch                                          2.006002-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Geography-Countries.noarch                                   2009041301-27.el8                                                 epel      
perl-Getopt-ArgvFile.noarch                                       1.11-34.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Getopt-Long-Descriptive.noarch                               0.104-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Getopt-Long-doc.noarch                                       1:2.50-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Git-SVN.noarch                                               2.39.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-Glib.x86_64                                                  1.3291-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Glib-Object-Introspection.x86_64                             0.048-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Glib-devel.x86_64                                            1.3291-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-GnuPG-Interface.noarch                                       0.52-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Graph.noarch                                                 0.97.04-15.el8                                                    epel      
perl-GraphViz.noarch                                              2.24-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-GraphViz-XML.noarch                                          2.24-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Graphics-ColorNamesLite-WWW.noarch                           1.14.000-2.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Gtk3.noarch                                                  0.038-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Guard.x86_64                                                 1.023-19.el8                                                      epel      
perl-HTML-Element-Extended.noarch                                 1.18-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Form.noarch                                             6.07-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTML-FormatText-WithLinks.noarch                             0.15-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                                        2.16-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Lint.noarch                                             2.32-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                                           3.72-15.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-HTML-Restrict.noarch                                         3.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Scrubber.noarch                                         0.19-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTML-Selector-XPath.noarch                                   0.26-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTML-StripScripts.noarch                                     1.06-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-StripScripts-Parser.noarch                              1.03-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Table.noarch                                            2.08a-32.el8                                                      epel      
perl-HTML-TableExtract.noarch                                     2.15-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                                           3.20-34.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-HTML-Template.noarch                                         2.97-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Template-Expr.noarch                                    0.07-47.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Template-Pro.x86_64                                     0.9510-22.el8                                                     epel      
perl-HTML-TokeParser-Simple.noarch                                3.16-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                                             1:5.07-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-HTML-TreeBuilder-LibXML.noarch                               0.26-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTML-TreeBuilder-XPath.noarch                                0.14-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Body.noarch                                             1.22-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-BrowserDetect.noarch                                    3.23-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Cache-Transparent.noarch                                1.4-9.el8                                                         epel      
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                                          6.04-2.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-HTTP-DAV.noarch                                              0.49-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Daemon.noarch                                           6.01-23.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-HTTP-Daemon-SSL.noarch                                       1.04-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                             6.02-19.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-HTTP-Entity-Parser.noarch                                    0.21-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Headers-Fast.noarch                                     0.22-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Lite.noarch                                             2.44-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                                          6.18-1.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-HTTP-MultiPartParser.noarch                                  0.02-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                                        6.01-19.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-HTTP-ProxyAutoConfig.noarch                                  0.3-25.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Request-AsCGI.noarch                                    1.2-29.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Request-AsCGI-tests.noarch                              1.2-29.el8                                                        epel      
perl-HTTP-Response-Encoding.noarch                                0.06-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Server-Simple.noarch                                    0.52-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Server-Simple-PSGI.noarch                               0.16-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-HTTP-Tiny-doc.noarch                                         0.074-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Hash-FieldHash.x86_64                                        0.15-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Hash-Flatten.noarch                                          1.19-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Hash-Merge.noarch                                            0.300-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Hash-Merge-Simple.noarch                                     0.051-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Hash-MultiValue.noarch                                       0.16-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Hash-Ordered.noarch                                          0.014-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Hash-Ordered-tests.noarch                                    0.014-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Hash-StoredIterator.x86_64                                   0.008-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Heap.noarch                                                  0.80-33.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Hook-LexWrap.noarch                                          0.26-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IO-AIO.x86_64                                                4.72-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IO-All.noarch                                                0.87-6.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-IO-Capture.noarch                                            0.05-34.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-CaptureOutput.noarch                                      1.1104-15.el8                                                     epel      
perl-IO-Compress-doc.noarch                                       2.081-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-IO-FDPass.x86_64                                             1.2-12.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                               1.001-11.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                            AppStream 
perl-IO-Handle-Util.noarch                                        0.02-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IO-Interactive.noarch                                        1.025-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-Interactive-tests.noarch                                  1.025-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-Interface.x86_64                                          1.09-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-Multiplex.noarch                                          1.16-9.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-IO-Multiplex-doc.noarch                                      1.16-9.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-IO-Pipely.noarch                                             0.005-16.el8                                                      epel      
perl-IO-SessionData.noarch                                        1.03-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch                                       2.72-12.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-IO-Socket-INET6-doc.noarch                                   2.72-12.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-IO-Socket-IP-doc.noarch                                      0.39-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-IO-Socket-Multicast.x86_64                                   1.12-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-Socket-Socks.noarch                                       0.74-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IO-Socket-Timeout.noarch                                     0.32-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IO-String.noarch                                             1.08-32.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-IO-String-doc.noarch                                         1.08-32.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-IO-Tee.noarch                                                0.66-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IO-Tty.x86_64                                                1.12-11.an8                                                       AppStream 
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                                            2.111-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-IPC-Cmd-doc.noarch                                           2:1.02-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-IPC-Run.noarch                                               0.99-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                                              0.048-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-IPC-ShareLite.x86_64                                         0.17-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IPC-SharedCache.noarch                                       1.3-40.el8                                                        epel      
perl-IPC-Signal.noarch                                            1.00-39.el8                                                       epel      
perl-IPC-SysV-doc.noarch                                          2.07-397.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-IPC-System-Simple-doc.noarch                                 1.25-17.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-IRI.noarch                                                   0.009-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Ima-DBI.noarch                                               0.35-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Image-Base.noarch                                            1.17-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                                        12.60-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Image-Info.noarch                                            1.41-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Image-Size.noarch                                            3.300-16.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Image-Xbm.noarch                                             1.10-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Image-Xpm.noarch                                             1.13-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Import-Into.noarch                                           1.002005-7.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Importer.noarch                                              0.025-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Inline.noarch                                                0.86-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Inline-C.noarch                                              0.82-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Inline-C-tests.noarch                                        0.82-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Inline-Files.noarch                                          0.71-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Inline-Python.x86_64                                         0.57-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-JSON.noarch                                                  2.97.001-2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
perl-JSON-Any.noarch                                              1.39-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-Any-tests.noarch                                        1.39-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-Color.noarch                                            0.130-3.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-MaybeXS.noarch                                          1.004000-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-JSON-PP-doc.noarch                                           1:2.97.001-3.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-JSON-Parse.x86_64                                            0.56-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-JSON-RPC.noarch                                              1.06-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-RPC-Apache2.noarch                                      1.06-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-RPC-CGI.noarch                                          1.06-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-RPC-Daemon.noarch                                       1.06-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-WebToken.noarch                                         0.10-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                                               1:3.04-3.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-JSON-doc.noarch                                              2.97.001-2.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Jcode.noarch                                                 2.07-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-LDAP.noarch                                                  1:0.66-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-LDAP-doc.noarch                                              1:0.66-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                                        6.02-15.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-LWP-Online.noarch                                            1.08-29.el8                                                       epel      
perl-LWP-Protocol-PSGI.noarch                                     0.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-LWP-Protocol-http10.noarch                                   6.03-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                                    6.07-4.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-LWP-UserAgent-Determined.noarch                              1.07-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Lchown.x86_64                                                1.01-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Lexical-Persistence.noarch                                   1.023-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Lexical-SealRequireHints.x86_64                              0.011-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Lexical-Var.x86_64                                           0.009-21.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Lingua-EN-Inflect.noarch                                     1.904-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Lingua-Preferred.noarch                                      0.2.4-32.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Lingua-Translit.noarch                                       0.28-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Linux-Inotify2.x86_64                                        2.1-6.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Linux-Pid.x86_64                                             0.04-40.el8                                                       epel      
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                                         0.18-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-List-Compare.noarch                                          0.55-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                                        0.428-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                                     0.428-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                                        0.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                                          0.11-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Locale-Codes-doc.noarch                                      3.57-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Locale-Maketext-doc.noarch                                   1.28-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Locale-US.noarch                                             3.04-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-LockFile-Simple.noarch                                       0.208-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Log-Contextual.noarch                                        0.008001-10.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                                          2.68-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Log-Dispatch-Array.noarch                                    1.003-14.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch                               1.36-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                                          1.50-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Log-Log4perl-Appender-DBI.noarch                             1.50-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Log-Log4perl-Appender-RRDs.noarch                            1.50-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Log-Log4perl-Config-DOMConfigurator.noarch                   1.50-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Log-Trace.noarch                                             1.070-30.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Lua-API.x86_64                                               0.04-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-MCE.noarch                                                   1.862-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MCE-Shared.noarch                                            1.862-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MCE-tools.noarch                                             1.862-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MIME-Base64-doc.noarch                                       3.15-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                                          1.012.2-4.el8                                                     AppStream 
perl-MIME-EncWords.noarch                                         1.014.3-15.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                                             3.030-16.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MIME-Lite-HTML.noarch                                        1.24-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                                            2.17-3.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-MIME-tools.noarch                                            5.509-9.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MLDBM.noarch                                                 2.05-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MRO-Compat-doc.noarch                                        0.13-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Mail-AuthenticationResults.noarch                            2.20210112-1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-Mail-Box.noarch                                              3.008-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Mail-DKIM.noarch                                             1.20200907-1.0.1.an8                                              AppStream 
perl-Mail-DKIM-doc.noarch                                         1.20200907-1.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-Mail-IMAPClient.noarch                                       3.42-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Mail-Message.noarch                                          3.008-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Mail-RFC822-Address.noarch                                   0.3-36.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Mail-SPF.noarch                                              2.9.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-Mail-SPF-doc.noarch                                          2.9.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Mail-SPF_XS.x86_64                                           1.2.11-11.20210922git4915c308.el8                                 epel      
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                                           1:0.903-7.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
perl-Mail-Sender-doc.noarch                                       1:0.903-7.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                                         0.80-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Mail-Transport.noarch                                        3.004-3.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MailTools.noarch                                             2.20-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-MailTools-doc.noarch                                         2.20-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Math-Base-Convert.noarch                                     0.11-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Math-Base36.noarch                                           0.14-18.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc-doc.noarch                              0.500.600-6.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
perl-Math-BigInt-GMP.x86_64                                       1.6004-5.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Math-BigInt-doc.noarch                                       1:1.9998.11-7.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
perl-Math-BigRat-doc.noarch                                       0.2614-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Math-Calc-Units.noarch                                       1.07-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Math-GMP.x86_64                                              2.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Math-Int128.x86_64                                           0.22-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Math-Int128-tests.noarch                                     0.22-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Math-Int64.x86_64                                            0.54-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Math-Random-ISAAC.noarch                                     1.004-26.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Math-Random-Secure.noarch                                    0.08.0001-14.el8                                                  epel      
perl-Math-Round.noarch                                            0.07-18.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MaxMind-DB-Common.noarch                                     0.040001-7.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MaxMind-DB-Common-tests.noarch                               0.040001-7.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MaxMind-DB-Reader.noarch                                     1.000014-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MaxMind-DB-Reader-XS.x86_64                                  1.000009-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MaxMind-DB-Reader-XS-tests.noarch                            1.000009-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MaxMind-DB-Reader-tests.noarch                               1.000014-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Messaging-Message.noarch                                     1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Meta-Builder.noarch                                          0.004-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MetaCPAN-Client.noarch                                       2.028000-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Mixin-Linewise.noarch                                        0.108-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Mock-Sub.noarch                                              1.09-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Modern-Perl.noarch                                           1.20200201-1.el8                                                  epel      
perl-Module-Build-Deprecated.noarch                               0.4210-15.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Module-Build-Tiny.noarch                                     0.039-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Module-Build-XSUtil.noarch                                   0.19-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-Build-doc.noarch                                      2:0.42.24-5.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
perl-Module-CPANTS-Analyse.noarch                                 0.99-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-CPANfile.noarch                                       1.1002-7.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                            AppStream 
perl-Module-Compile.noarch                                        0.38-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-CoreList-doc.noarch                                   1:5.20181130-1.0.1.an8                                            PowerTools
perl-Module-Extract-Use.noarch                                    1.043-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Module-ExtractUse.noarch                                     0.343-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Find.noarch                                           0.13-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                                 0.09-15.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Module-Install.noarch                                        1.19-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Module-Install-AuthorTests.noarch                            0.002-16.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Module-Install-AutoLicense.noarch                            0.10-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-Install-CheckLib.noarch                               0.14-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-Install-CheckLib-tests.noarch                         0.14-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-Install-ExtraTests.noarch                             0.008-23.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Module-Install-GithubMeta.noarch                             0.30-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Install-ReadmeFromPod.noarch                          0.30-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Module-Install-Repository.noarch                             0.06-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Install-TestBase.noarch                               0.86-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Install-TestBase-tests.noarch                         0.86-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Load-Conditional-doc.noarch                           0.68-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Module-Load-Util.noarch                                      0.003-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Load-doc.noarch                                       1:0.32-395.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Module-Manifest.noarch                                       1.09-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-Metadata-doc.noarch                                   1.000033-395.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                                      2:5.2-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-Module-Pluggable-doc.noarch                                  2:5.2-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Module-Refresh.noarch                                        0.17-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                                        0.016-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-Module-Runtime-Conflicts.noarch                              0.003-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Module-Runtime-doc.noarch                                    0.016-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Module-ScanDeps.noarch                                       1.24-3.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                                      0.83-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Module-Util.noarch                                           1.09-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Mojolicious.noarch                                           8.42-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Monitoring-Plugin.noarch                                     0.40-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Moo.noarch                                                   2.003004-7.el8                                                    epel      
perl-MooX.noarch                                                  0.101-19.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MooX-HandlesVia.noarch                                       0.001008-16.el8                                                   epel      
perl-MooX-StrictConstructor.noarch                                0.011-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooX-Types-MooseLike.noarch                                  0.29-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooX-late.noarch                                             0.015-19.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Moose.x86_64                                                 2.2011-9.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MooseX-Aliases.noarch                                        0.11-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-ArrayRef.noarch                                       0.005-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MooseX-AttributeHelpers.noarch                               0.25-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-ConfigFromFile.noarch                                 0.14-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Getopt.noarch                                         0.74-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-MooseX-NonMoose.noarch                                       0.26-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Object-Pluggable.noarch                               0.0014-18.el8                                                     epel      
perl-MooseX-Role-Parameterized.noarch                             1.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-MooseX-Role-WithOverloading.x86_64                           0.17-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-SimpleConfig.noarch                                   0.11-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-StrictConstructor.noarch                              0.21-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Types.noarch                                          0.50-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-Common.noarch                                   0.001014-10.el8                                                   epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-DateTime.noarch                                 0.13-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-DateTime-MoreCoercions.noarch                   0.15-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-JSON.noarch                                     1.00-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-JSON-tests.noarch                               1.00-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-LoadableClass.noarch                            0.015-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Class.noarch                               0.09-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-Path-Tiny.noarch                                0.012-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MooseX-Types-Stringlike.noarch                               0.003-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Mouse.x86_64                                                 2.5.9-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-MouseX-Foreign.noarch                                        1.000-12.el8                                                      epel      
perl-MouseX-Types.noarch                                          0.06-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Mozilla-LDAP.x86_64                                          1.5.3-25.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-Mozilla-LDAP-doc.noarch                                      1.5.3-25.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-NKF.x86_64                                                   1:2.1.4-8.el8                                                     AppStream 
perl-NTLM.noarch                                                  1.09-17.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-Nagios-Plugin.noarch                                         0.37-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-Amazon-S3.noarch                                         0.991-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-Amazon-S3-tests.noarch                                   0.991-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-BGP.noarch                                               0.18-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-CIDR.noarch                                              0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-CIDR-Lite.noarch                                         0.22-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-CUPS.x86_64                                              0.64-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-DNS.noarch                                               1.15-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Net-DNS-doc.noarch                                           1.15-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Net-Daemon.noarch                                            0.49-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-Domain-TLD.noarch                                        1.75-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-FTP-AutoReconnect.noarch                                 0.3-28.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-FTP-RetrHandle.noarch                                    0.2-27.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-Facebook-Oauth2.noarch                                   0.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-GitHub.noarch                                            1.05-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                              6.17-2.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-Net-INET6Glue.noarch                                         0.603-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Net-IP.noarch                                                1.26-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-LibIDN.x86_64                                            0.12-35.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-LibIDN2.x86_64                                           1.01-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-NBName.noarch                                            0.26-41.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-Netmask.noarch                                           2.0001-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Net-OAuth.noarch                                             0.28-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-OpenID-Common.noarch                                     1.20-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-OpenID-Consumer.noarch                                   1.18-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-OpenID-Server.noarch                                     1.09-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-OpenSSH.noarch                                           0.80-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-Patricia.x86_64                                          1.22-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-Pcap.x86_64                                              0.18-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-SFTP-Foreign.noarch                                      1.90-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                                          1.04-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL-doc.noarch                                      1.04-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Net-SMTPS.noarch                                             0.10-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-SNMP.noarch                                              6.0.1-25.el8.1                                                    epel      
perl-Net-SSH.noarch                                               0.09-39.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-SSH-Perl.x86_64                                          2.14-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Net-SSH2.x86_64                                              0.73-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-SSLGlue.noarch                                           1.058-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Net-STOMP-Client.noarch                                      2.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Net-Server.noarch                                            2.009-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-Net-Server-doc.noarch                                        2.009-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Net-Telnet.noarch                                            3.05-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-UPnP.noarch                                              1:1.4.6-4.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Net-Works.noarch                                             0.22-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-Works-tests.noarch                                       0.22-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Net-XMPP.noarch                                              1.05-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-NetAddr-IP.x86_64                                            4.079-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-NetAddr-IP-doc.noarch                                        4.079-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Nmap-Parser.noarch                                           1.37-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-No-Worries.noarch                                            1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Number-Bytes-Human.noarch                                    0.11-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                                        0.03-19.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Number-Format.noarch                                         1.75-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Number-Misc.noarch                                           1.2-13.el8                                                        epel      
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch                                      0.19-27.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Object-Accessor.noarch                                       1:0.48-19.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Object-ID.noarch                                             0.1.2-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Object-Realize-Later.noarch                                  0.21-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Object-Remote.noarch                                         0.004001-4.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Ocsinventory-Agent.noarch                                    2.9.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-OpenGL.x86_64                                                0.7000-16.el8                                                     epel      
perl-PAR.noarch                                                   1.017-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PAR-Dist.noarch                                              0.49-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PAR-Packer.x86_64                                            1.052-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PAR-Packer-Tk.noarch                                         1.052-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                                         5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                                        5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                                               5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                                              5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-PDL.x86_64                                                   2.32.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-PDL-tests.x86_64                                             2.32.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-PHP-Serialization.noarch                                     0.34-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-POE.noarch                                                   1.368-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-POE-Loop-Event.noarch                                        1.305-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-POE-Test-Loops.noarch                                        1.360-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-POSIX-strftime-Compiler.noarch                               0.42-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PPI.noarch                                                   1.270-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PPI-HTML.noarch                                              1.08-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PPIx-QuoteLike.noarch                                        0.008-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PPIx-Regexp.noarch                                           0.068-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PPIx-Utilities.noarch                                        1.001000-35.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Package-Constants.noarch                                     1:0.06-19.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Package-DeprecationManager.noarch                            0.17-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Package-Generator-doc.noarch                                 1.106-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                                         0.37-9.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                                      0.28-17.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Package-Variant.noarch                                       1.003002-15.el8                                                   epel      
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                                             2.3-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
perl-Parallel-ForkManager.noarch                                  2.02-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Parallel-Iterator.noarch                                     1.00-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Params-Check-doc.noarch                                      1:0.38-395.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                                       0.015-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Params-Coerce.noarch                                         0.14-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Params-Util-doc.noarch                                       1.07-22.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                                       1.29-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch                             0.27-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Parse-CPAN-Packages.noarch                                   2.40-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Parse-DebControl.noarch                                      2.005-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Parse-Distname.noarch                                        0.05-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Parse-EDID.noarch                                            1.0.7-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Parse-Gitignore.noarch                                       0.04-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Parse-PMFile.noarch                                          0.41-7.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                              AppStream 
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                                      1.967015-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                                            1.21-2.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
perl-Parse-Yapp-doc.noarch                                        1.21-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Path-Class.noarch                                            0.37-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Path-Tiny.noarch                                             0.104-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Pegex.noarch                                                 0.75-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Perl-Critic.noarch                                           1.134-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Perl-Critic-Pulp.noarch                                      99-1.el8                                                          epel      
perl-Perl-Critic-Pulp-tests.noarch                                99-1.el8                                                          epel      
perl-Perl-Destruct-Level.x86_64                                   0.02-20.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Perl-MinimumVersion.noarch                                   1.38-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Perl-OSType-doc.noarch                                       1.010-396.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Perl4-CoreLibs.noarch                                        0.004-9.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Perl6-Caller.noarch                                          0.100-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-PerlIO-Layers.x86_64                                         0.012-3.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PerlIO-buffersize.x86_64                                     0.002-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PerlIO-gzip.x86_64                                           0.20-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                                    0.007-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint-doc.noarch                            0.08-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-PerlIO-via-Timeout.noarch                                    0.32-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Plack.noarch                                                 1.0047-7.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Plack-Middleware-ReverseProxy.noarch                         0.16-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Plack-Test.noarch                                            1.0047-7.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Pod-Checker-doc.noarch                                       4:1.73-395.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Pod-Coverage.noarch                                          0.23-14.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Pod-Coverage-Moose.noarch                                    0.07-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Pod-Coverage-TrustPod.noarch                                 0.100005-7.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Pod-Escapes-doc.noarch                                       1:1.07-395.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Pod-Eventual.noarch                                          0.094001-15.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Pod-LaTeX.noarch                                             0.61-302.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
perl-Pod-LaTeX-doc.noarch                                         0.61-302.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Pod-Markdown.noarch                                          3.005-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Pod-MinimumVersion.noarch                                    50-26.el8                                                         epel      
perl-Pod-POM.noarch                                               2.01-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Pod-Parser-doc.noarch                                        1.63-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Pod-Perldoc-doc.noarch                                       3.28-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Pod-Plainer.noarch                                           1.04-7.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Pod-Plainer-doc.noarch                                       1.04-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Pod-Readme.noarch                                            1.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Pod-Simple-doc.noarch                                        1:3.35-395.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Pod-Snippets.noarch                                          0.14-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Pod-Spell.noarch                                             1.20-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Pod-Strip.noarch                                             1.02-27.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Pod-Tests.noarch                                             1.20-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Pod-Usage-doc.noarch                                         4:1.69-395.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Prima.x86_64                                                 1.60-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Prima-Test.x86_64                                            1.60-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Probe-Perl.noarch                                            0.03-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Proc-Daemon.noarch                                           0.23-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Proc-ProcessTable.x86_64                                     0.59-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Proc-WaitStat.noarch                                         1.00-39.el8                                                       epel      
perl-PublicInbox.noarch                                           1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-RDF-Query.noarch                                             2.918-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-RDF-Trine.noarch                                             1.019-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-RDF-Trine-mysql.noarch                                       1.019-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-RDF-Trine-postgresql.noarch                                  1.019-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-RDF-Trine-redis.noarch                                       1.019-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-RDF-Trine-sqlite.noarch                                      1.019-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-REST-Client.noarch                                           273-15.el8                                                        epel      
perl-RPM2.x86_64                                                  1.4-10.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Razor-Agent.x86_64                                           2.86-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Readonly.noarch                                              2.05-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Redis.noarch                                                 1.995-3.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                                              0.203-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                                           0.117-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Regexp-Assemble.noarch                                       0.38-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                                         2017060201-11.el8                                                 epel      
perl-Regexp-Pattern-Perl.noarch                                   0.004-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Return-Type.noarch                                           0.005-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                                             2.000006-2.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Router-Simple.noarch                                         0.17-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-SGMLSpm.noarch                                               1.03ii-42.el8                                                     AppStream 
perl-SNMP_Session.noarch                                          1.13-17.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-SNMP_Session-doc.noarch                                      1.13-17.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-SOAP-Lite.noarch                                             1.27-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-SOAP-WSDL.noarch                                             3.003-14.el8                                                      epel      
perl-SOAP-WSDL-Apache.noarch                                      3.003-14.el8                                                      epel      
perl-SOAP-WSDL-examples.noarch                                    3.003-14.el8                                                      epel      
perl-SQL-Abstract.noarch                                          1.87-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-SQL-Abstract-Classic.noarch                                  1.91-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-SQL-Interp.noarch                                            1.27-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-SQL-Statement.noarch                                         1.412-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-SQL-Translator.noarch                                        1.61-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-SQL-Translator-Producer-Diagram.noarch                       1.61-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-SUPER.noarch                                                 1.20141117-10.el8                                                 AppStream 
perl-Safe-Isa.noarch                                              1.000010-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Scalar-Properties.noarch                                     1.100860-20.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Scalar-String.x86_64                                         0.003-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Scalar-Util-LooksLikeNumber.x86_64                           1.39.2-14.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Schedule-Cron.noarch                                         1.01-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Schedule-Cron-Events.noarch                                  1.96-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Scope-Guard.noarch                                           0.21-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Scope-Upper.x86_64                                           0.32-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Search-Xapian.x86_64                                         1.2.25.4-4.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Sentry-Raven.noarch                                          1.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Sereal.noarch                                                4.018-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sereal-Decoder.x86_64                                        4.018-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sereal-Encoder.x86_64                                        4.018-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Set-Crontab.noarch                                           1.03-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Set-Infinite.noarch                                          0.65-29.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Set-Scalar.noarch                                            1.29-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Shared-Examples-Net-Amazon-S3.noarch                         0.991-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Socket-GetAddrInfo.noarch                                    0.22-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Socket-MsgHdr.x86_64                                         0.05-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Socket-doc.noarch                                            4:2.027-3.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Socket6.x86_64                                               0.28-6.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Socket6-doc.noarch                                           0.28-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Software-License-CCpack.noarch                               1.11-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Software-License-doc.noarch                                  0.103013-2.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                                              1.33-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Sort-MergeSort.noarch                                        0.31-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sort-Naturally.noarch                                        1.03-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Specio.noarch                                                0.42-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Spellunker.noarch                                            0.4.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Spiffy.noarch                                                0.46-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.x86_64                                0.6500-24.1.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch                                2.40-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Spreadsheet-XLSX.noarch                                      0.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Statistics-Basic.noarch                                      1.6611-16.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Statistics-ChiSquare.noarch                                  1.0000-2.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Statistics-Descriptive.noarch                                3.0702-6.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Stream-Buffered.noarch                                       0.03-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-String-Approx.x86_64                                         3.28-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-String-CRC32.x86_64                                          1.6-4.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
perl-String-CRC32-doc.noarch                                      1.6-4.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
perl-String-Escape.noarch                                         2010.002-29.el8                                                   epel      
perl-String-Format.noarch                                         1.18-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-String-Random.noarch                                         0.30-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch                                     1.04-24.module+an8.7.0+10920+8fb17d61                             AppStream 
perl-String-Similarity.x86_64                                     1.04-34.el8                                                       epel      
perl-String-Util.noarch                                           1.26-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sub-Exporter-ForMethods.noarch                               0.100052-13.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Sub-Exporter-Lexical.noarch                                  0.092292-11.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch                              0.001013-5.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Sub-Exporter-doc.noarch                                      0.987-15.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                                          0.14-6.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Sub-Infix.noarch                                             0.004-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Sub-Info.noarch                                              0.002-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Sub-Install-doc.noarch                                       0.928-14.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Sub-Name.x86_64                                              0.21-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Sub-Override.noarch                                          0.09-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sub-Quote.noarch                                             2.006003-3.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Sub-Uplevel.noarch                                           1:0.2800-4.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Switch.noarch                                                2.17-10.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Symbol-Util.noarch                                           0.0203-24.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Sys-CPU.x86_64                                               0.61-14.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
perl-Sys-CPU-doc.noarch                                           0.61-14.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                                           1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
perl-Sys-MemInfo.x86_64                                           0.99-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
perl-Sys-MemInfo-doc.noarch                                       0.99-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Sys-Mmap.x86_64                                              0.19-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Sys-SigAction.noarch                                         0.23-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sys-Statistics-Linux.noarch                                  0.66-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Sys-Syslog-doc.noarch                                        0.35-397.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Sys-Virt.x86_64                                              8.0.0-1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                             AppStream 
perl-Taint-Runtime.x86_64                                         0.03-32.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Taint-Util.x86_64                                            0.08-22.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                                           1.06-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-TeX-Hyphen.noarch                                            1.18-10.1.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Template-Toolkit.x86_64                                      2.29-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Term-ANSIColor-doc.noarch                                    4.06-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Term-Cap-doc.noarch                                          1.17-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Term-ProgressBar.noarch                                      2.22-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Term-ProgressBar-Quiet.noarch                                0.31-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Term-ProgressBar-Simple.noarch                               0.03-20.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Term-ReadLine-Gnu.x86_64                                     1.36-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Term-Shell.noarch                                            0.11-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Term-ShellUI.noarch                                          0.92-18.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Term-Size.x86_64                                             0.209-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                                         0.002-23.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                                        0.031-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Term-Table.noarch                                            0.012-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-TermReadKey-doc.noarch                                       2.37-7.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Test-API.noarch                                              0.010-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Assert.noarch                                           0.0504-31.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Test-Assertions.noarch                                       1.054-30.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Base.noarch                                             0.89-9.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Bits.noarch                                             0.02-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Bits-tests.noarch                                       0.02-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                        0.25-19.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-CPAN-Meta-JSON.noarch                                   0.16-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-CheckChanges.noarch                                     0.14-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-CheckDeps.noarch                                        0.010-23.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-CheckManifest.noarch                                    1.42-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Class.noarch                                            0.50-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-CleanNamespaces.noarch                                  0.24-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Compile.noarch                                          2.2.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Deep.noarch                                             1.127-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-Dependencies.noarch                                     0.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Differences.noarch                                      0.6400-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-Test-DistManifest.noarch                                     1.014-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Distribution.noarch                                     2.00-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-EOL.noarch                                              2.00-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Exception.noarch                                        0.43-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Test-FailWarnings.noarch                                     0.008-17.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Fake-HTTPD.noarch                                       0.09-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Fatal.noarch                                            0.014-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-File-Contents.noarch                                    0.23-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Harness-doc.noarch                                      1:3.42-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Test-HasVersion.noarch                                       0.014-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Identity.noarch                                         0.01-24.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-JSON.noarch                                             0.11-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-JSON-tests.noarch                                       0.11-26.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Kwalitee.noarch                                         1.28-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-LWP-UserAgent.noarch                                    0.033-9.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-LeakTrace.x86_64                                        0.16-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-LongString.noarch                                       0.17-10.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-Manifest.noarch                                         2.021-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Memory-Cycle.noarch                                     1.06-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-MemoryGrowth.noarch                                     0.03-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-MinimumVersion.noarch                                   0.101082-11.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Test-Mock-Guard.noarch                                       0.10-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-MockModule.noarch                                       0.170.0-5.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Test-MockObject.noarch                                       1.20180705-5.el8                                                  epel      
perl-Test-MockTime.noarch                                         0.17-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Modern.noarch                                           0.013-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Mojibake.noarch                                         1.3-13.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Mojo.noarch                                             8.42-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Moose.x86_64                                            2.2011-9.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Most.noarch                                             0.35-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Mouse.x86_64                                            2.5.9-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Name-FromLine.noarch                                    0.13-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Needs.noarch                                            0.002006-3.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Test-Net-LDAP.noarch                                         0.07-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-NoTabs.noarch                                           2.02-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-NoWarnings.noarch                                       1.04-16.an8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-Number-Delta.noarch                                     1.06-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Object.noarch                                           0.08-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Output.noarch                                           1.03.1-9.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Perl-Critic.noarch                                      1.04-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Perl-Critic-Policy.noarch                               1.134-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Pod.noarch                                              1.51-8.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Test-Pod-Coverage.noarch                                     1.10-10.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-Pod-LinkCheck.noarch                                    0.008-20.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Portability-Files.noarch                                0.10-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-PostgreSQL.noarch                                       1.29-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-PostgreSQL-tests.noarch                                 1.29-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Prereq.noarch                                           2.002-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-RDF-Trine-Store.noarch                                  1.019-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-RandomResult.noarch                                     0.001-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Refcount.noarch                                         0.10-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Regexp.noarch                                           2017040101-10.el8                                                 epel      
perl-Test-Requires.noarch                                         0.10-10.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-RequiresInternet.noarch                                 0.05-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Script.noarch                                           1.25-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-SharedFork.noarch                                       0.35-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Signature.noarch                                        1.11-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Simple-doc.noarch                                       1:1.302135-1.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-Test-Spelling.noarch                                         0.25-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-SubCalls.noarch                                         1.10-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Synopsis.noarch                                         0.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-TCP.noarch                                              2.22-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Taint.x86_64                                            1.06-19.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-TempDir.noarch                                          0.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Time.noarch                                             0.08-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Toolbox.noarch                                          0.4-11.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-TrailingSpace.noarch                                    0.0302-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Trap.noarch                                             0.3.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-TypeTiny.noarch                                         1.004004-2.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Test-Unit-Lite.noarch                                        1:0.12-33.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Test-UseAllModules.noarch                                    0.17-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Valgrind.noarch                                         1.19-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-Vars.noarch                                             0.014-13.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test-Version.noarch                                          2.09-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                                    1.54-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-WWW-Mechanize-PSGI.noarch                               0.39-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test-Warn.noarch                                             0.32-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Test-Warnings.noarch                                         0.026-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Test-Without-Module.noarch                                   0.20-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-XML.noarch                                              0.08-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Test-mysqld.noarch                                           1.0013-1.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Test2-Plugin-NoWarnings.noarch                               0.08-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Test2-Suite.noarch                                           0.000111-1.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Test2-Tools-Explain.noarch                                   0.02-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-TestML.noarch                                                0.54.05-8.el8                                                     epel      
perl-Text-ASCIITable.noarch                                       0.22-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Text-Aligner.noarch                                          0.13-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Text-Autoformat.noarch                                       1.750000-1.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Text-Balanced-doc.noarch                                     2.03-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                                              2.00-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Text-CSV_XS.x86_64                                           1.40-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Text-CharWidth.x86_64                                        0.04-32.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Text-Diff-doc.noarch                                         1.45-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Text-Format.noarch                                           0.61-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Text-Fuzzy.x86_64                                            0.29-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Text-Glob-doc.noarch                                         0.11-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Text-Iconv.x86_64                                            1.7-42.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Text-Levenshtein-Damerau-XS.x86_64                           3.2-11.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Text-ParseWords-doc.noarch                                   3.30-395.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-Text-RecordParser.noarch                                     1.6.5-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Text-Reform.noarch                                           1.20-25.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                                          3.05-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Text-Soundex-doc.noarch                                      3.05-8.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Text-Table.noarch                                            1.133-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap-doc.noarch                                    2013.0523-395.0.1.an8                                             PowerTools
perl-Text-TabularDisplay.noarch                                   1.38-18.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Text-Template-doc.noarch                                     1.51-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                                        1.30-5.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Text-Unidecode-doc.noarch                                    1.30-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Text-WrapI18N.noarch                                         0.06-30.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Thread-Queue-doc.noarch                                      3.13-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Throwable.noarch                                             0.200013-12.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Tie-Cache.noarch                                             0.21-15.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Tie-Hash-Method.noarch                                       0.02-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Tie-IxHash.noarch                                            1.23-13.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Tie-ToObject.noarch                                          0.03-44.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Time-Duration.noarch                                         1.21-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Time-Duration-Parse.noarch                                   0.15-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Time-Fake.noarch                                             0.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Time-HiRes-doc.noarch                                        4:1.9758-2.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-Time-Local-doc.noarch                                        1:1.280-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Time-Moment.x86_64                                           0.44-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Time-Out.noarch                                              0.11-18.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Time-ParseDate.noarch                                        2015.103-13.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Time-Piece-MySQL.noarch                                      0.06-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Time-y2038.x86_64                                            20100403-21.el8                                                   epel      
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                              1:2.30-15.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                           AppStream 
perl-Tk.x86_64                                                    804.034-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
perl-Tk-TableMatrix.x86_64                                        1.23-37.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Tk-devel.x86_64                                              804.034-2.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
perl-Tk-doc.noarch                                                804.034-2.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                              0.30-7.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-Type-Tie.noarch                                              0.014-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Type-Tiny.noarch                                             1.004004-2.el8                                                    epel      
perl-Types-DateTime.noarch                                        0.002-5.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Types-Path-Tiny.noarch                                       0.006-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                                      1.0-12.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Types-URI.noarch                                             0.006-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Types-UUID.noarch                                            0.004-8.el8                                                       epel      
perl-UNIVERSAL-can.noarch                                         1.20140328-15.el8                                                 epel      
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch                                         1.20171012-4.el8                                                  epel      
perl-UNIVERSAL-moniker.noarch                                     0.08-34.el8                                                       epel      
perl-UNIVERSAL-ref.x86_64                                         0.14-28.el8                                                       epel      
perl-UNIVERSAL-require.noarch                                     0.18-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-URI-Encode.noarch                                            1.1.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
perl-URI-Find.noarch                                              20160806-10.el8                                                   epel      
perl-URI-FromHash.noarch                                          0.05-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-URI-cpan.noarch                                              1.007-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-URL-Encode-XS.x86_64                                         0.03-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-UUID-Tiny.noarch                                             1.04-18.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Unicode-CheckUTF8.x86_64                                     1.03-27.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Unicode-Collate-doc.noarch                                   1.25-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch                                1.33-13.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                                     2017.004-6.el8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Unicode-Map.x86_64                                           0.112-49.el8                                                      epel      
perl-Unicode-Map8.x86_64                                          0.13-33.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Unicode-MapUTF8.noarch                                       1.11-40.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Unicode-String.x86_64                                        2.10-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Unicode-UTF8.x86_64                                          0.62-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-Unix-Syslog.x86_64                                           1.1-29.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-Unix-Syslog-doc.noarch                                       1.1-29.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-User-Identity.noarch                                         1.02-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-VM-EC2.noarch                                                1.28-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-VM-EC2-Security-CredentialCache.noarch                       0.25-16.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Validation-Class.noarch                                      7.900057-11.el8                                                   epel      
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                                        0.62-3.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-WWW-Curl.x86_64                                              4.17-21.el8                                                       epel      
perl-WWW-Form-UrlEncoded.noarch                                   0.26-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                                         1.97-1.el8.1                                                      epel      
perl-WWW-Pastebin-PastebinCom-Create.noarch                       1.003-19.el8                                                      epel      
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                                        6.02-18.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                             AppStream 
perl-WWW-Twilio-API.noarch                                        0.21-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-WWW-Twilio-TwiML.noarch                                      1.05-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Want.x86_64                                                  0.29-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-Web-ID.noarch                                                1.927-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-Web-Scraper.noarch                                           0.38-13.el8                                                       epel      
perl-X10.noarch                                                   0.04-10.el8                                                       epel      
perl-X11-Protocol.noarch                                          0.56-36.el8                                                       epel      
perl-X11-Protocol-Other.noarch                                    31-6.el8                                                          epel      
perl-X2Go-Log.noarch                                              4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
perl-X2Go-Server.noarch                                           4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
perl-X2Go-Server-DB.x86_64                                        4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                                           1.03-11.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-XML-Catalog-doc.noarch                                       1.03-11.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-XML-CommonNS.noarch                                          0.06-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-DOM.noarch                                               1.46-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-XML-Dumper.noarch                                            0.81-35.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-Entities.noarch                                          1.0002-12.el8                                                     epel      
perl-XML-Filter-BufferText.noarch                                 1.01-32.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-Generator.noarch                                         1.04-30.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-Hash-LX.noarch                                           0.70.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                                            1:2.0132-2.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
perl-XML-LibXML-doc.noarch                                        1:2.0132-2.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                                           1.96-6.el8                                                        epel      
perl-XML-Namespace.noarch                                         0.02-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-NamespaceFactory.noarch                                  1.02-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                                  1.12-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport-doc.noarch                              1.12-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-XML-Parser-Lite.noarch                                       0.722-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-Parser-doc.noarch                                        2.44-11.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-XML-RSS.noarch                                               1.61-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-XML-RegExp.noarch                                            0.04-14.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                               1.00-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                                          1.09-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-XML-SAX-Writer.noarch                                        0.57-5.el8                                                        epel      
perl-XML-SAX-doc.noarch                                           1.00-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-XML-SemanticDiff.noarch                                      1.0007-5.el8                                                      epel      
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                                            2.25-1.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-XML-Stream.noarch                                            1.24-17.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                                        0.05-25.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-XML-TreeBuilder.noarch                                       5.4-22.el8                                                        epel      
perl-XML-TreePP.noarch                                            0.43-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XML-Twig.noarch                                              3.52-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                                            0.625-15.el8                                                      epel      
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                             1.42-3.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-XML-XPathEngine.noarch                                       0.14-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XMLRPC-Lite.noarch                                           0.717-19.el8                                                      epel      
perl-XString.x86_64                                               0.002-2.el8                                                       epel      
perl-XXX.noarch                                                   0.35-4.el8                                                        epel      
perl-YAML.noarch                                                  1.24-3.module+an8.7.0+10915+aaafd954                              AppStream 
perl-YAML-LibYAML.x86_64                                          1:0.70-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
perl-YAML-PP.noarch                                               0.026-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-YAML-Syck.x86_64                                             1.30-5.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-YAML-Tiny.noarch                                             1.73-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-ZMQ-Constants.noarch                                         1.04-23.el8                                                       epel      
perl-aliased.noarch                                               0.34-14.el8                                                       epel      
perl-asa.noarch                                                   1.04-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-autobox.x86_64                                               3.0.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-autobox-Core.noarch                                          1.33-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-autobox-List-Util.noarch                                     20090629-23.el8                                                   epel      
perl-autobox-dump.noarch                                          20090426.1746-23.el8                                              epel      
perl-autodie-doc.noarch                                           2.29-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-autovivification.x86_64                                      0.18-8.el8                                                        epel      
perl-bignum-doc.noarch                                            0.49-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-boolean.noarch                                               0.46-11.el8                                                       epel      
perl-ccom.x86_64                                                  1.4.1-33.el8                                                      epel      
perl-clearsilver.x86_64                                           0.10.5-57.el8                                                     epel      
perl-common-sense.x86_64                                          3.7.4-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-constant-boolean.noarch                                      0.02-29.el8                                                       epel      
perl-constant-defer.noarch                                        6-15.el8                                                          epel      
perl-constant-doc.noarch                                          1.33-396.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-enum.noarch                                                  1.11-12.el8                                                       epel      
perl-experimental-doc.noarch                                      0.019-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-generators-doc.noarch                                        1.10-9.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-generators-epel.noarch                                       1-1.el8                                                           epel      
perl-hamlib.x86_64                                                4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-hivex.x86_64                                                 1.3.18-23.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                           AppStream 
perl-inc-latest-doc.noarch                                        2:0.500-9.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-indirect.x86_64                                              0.39-3.el8                                                        epel      
perl-lib-abs.noarch                                               0.95-7.el8                                                        epel      
perl-libapreq2.x86_64                                             2.17-1.el8                                                        epel      
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                                          1.29-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
perl-libintl-perl-doc.noarch                                      1.29-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-libnet-doc.noarch                                            3.11-3.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                                           6.34-1.module+an8.7.0+10932+615184cb                              AppStream 
perl-libxml-perl.noarch                                           0.08-33.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
perl-libxml-perl-doc.noarch                                       0.08-33.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
perl-local-lib-doc.noarch                                         2.000024-2.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
perl-match-simple.noarch                                          0.010-4.el8                                                       epel      
perl-mime-construct.noarch                                        1.11-38.el8                                                       epel      
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                                   0.28-10.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                                       0.27-7.el8                                                        AppStream 
perl-namespace-sweep.noarch                                       0.006-10.el8                                                      epel      
perl-openbabel.x86_64                                             3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-parent-doc.noarch                                            1:0.237-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
perl-perl5i.x86_64                                                2.13.2-12.el8                                                     epel      
perl-perlfaq-doc.noarch                                           5.20180605-1.0.1.an8                                              PowerTools
perl-pgsql_perl5.x86_64                                           1.9.0-41.el8                                                      epel      
perl-pmtools.noarch                                               2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
perl-podlators-doc.noarch                                         4.11-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
perl-podlinkcheck.noarch                                          15-10.el8                                                         epel      
perl-prefork.noarch                                               1.04-26.el8                                                       AppStream 
perl-prelude.x86_64                                               5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-strictures.noarch                                            2.000006-6.el8                                                    epel      
perl-sword.x86_64                                                 1.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
perl-tests.x86_64                                                 4:5.32.1-472.module+an8.8.0+11081+c9133f89                        AppStream 
perl-threads-doc.noarch                                           1:2.21-2.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
perl-thrift.noarch                                                0.13.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
perl-true.x86_64                                                  1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
perl-utf8-all.noarch                                              0.024-7.el8                                                       epel      
perl-version-doc.noarch                                           6:0.99.24-1.0.2.an8                                               PowerTools
perl-vici.noarch                                                  5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
perlmulticore-devel.x86_64                                        1.03-3.el8                                                        epel      
perltidy.noarch                                                   20180220-1.el8                                                    AppStream 
petsc.x86_64                                                      3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc-devel.x86_64                                                3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc-doc.noarch                                                  3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc-mpich.x86_64                                                3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc-mpich-devel.x86_64                                          3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc-openmpi.x86_64                                              3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                        3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc64.x86_64                                                    3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
petsc64-devel.x86_64                                              3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
pg-semver.x86_64                                                  0.30.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
pg_top.x86_64                                                     4.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
pgbouncer.x86_64                                                  1.20.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
pgpdump.x86_64                                                    0.35-1.el8                                                        epel      
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                                 4.11.1-9.el8                                                      epel      
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64                               2:4.10.0-7.el8                                                    epel      
phonon-qt5-devel.x86_64                                           4.11.1-9.el8                                                      epel      
phoronix-test-suite.noarch                                        10.8.4-2.el8                                                      epel      
php.x86_64                                                        7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-IDNA_Convert.noarch                                           0.8.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
php-adodb.noarch                                                  5.20.6-9.el8                                                      epel      
php-bcmath.x86_64                                                 7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-cli.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-common.x86_64                                                 7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-dba.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-dbg.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-devel.x86_64                                                  7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-embedded.x86_64                                               7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-enchant.x86_64                                                7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-fpm.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-gd.x86_64                                                     7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-geshi.noarch                                                  1.0.9.1-9.el8                                                     epel      
php-gmp.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-intl.x86_64                                                   7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-json.x86_64                                                   7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-kolabformat.x86_64                                            1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
php-ldap.x86_64                                                   7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-mbstring.x86_64                                               7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                                7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-odbc.x86_64                                                   7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-opcache.x86_64                                                7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-pdo.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-pear.noarch                                                   1:1.10.5-9.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                          AppStream 
php-pear-Auth-SASL.noarch                                         1.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
php-pear-Cache-Lite.noarch                                        1.8.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
php-pear-CodeGen.noarch                                           1.0.7-24.el8                                                      epel      
php-pear-CodeGen-PECL.noarch                                      1.1.3-26.el8                                                      epel      
php-pear-Date.noarch                                              1.4.7-22.el8                                                      epel      
php-pear-HTTP-Request.noarch                                      1.4.4-18.el8                                                      epel      
php-pear-Mail.noarch                                              1.4.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
php-pear-Net-SMTP.noarch                                          1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
php-pear-Net-Socket.noarch                                        1.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
php-pear-Net-URL.noarch                                           1.0.15-20.el8                                                     epel      
php-pear-Text-Diff.noarch                                         1.2.2-9.el8                                                       epel      
php-pecl-apcu.x86_64                                              5.1.12-2.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                            AppStream 
php-pecl-apcu-devel.x86_64                                        5.1.12-2.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                            AppStream 
php-pecl-zip.x86_64                                               1.15.3-1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                            AppStream 
php-pgsql.x86_64                                                  7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-process.x86_64                                                7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-recode.x86_64                                                 7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-snmp.x86_64                                                   7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-soap.x86_64                                                   7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-xml.x86_64                                                    7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-xmlrpc.x86_64                                                 7.2.24-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10936+6a2381d2                        AppStream 
php-xmpphp.noarch                                                 0.1-0.23.rc2.r77.el8                                              epel      
phpldapadmin.noarch                                               1.2.6.6-1.el8                                                     epel      
physfs.x86_64                                                     3.0.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
physfs-devel.x86_64                                               3.0.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
picmi.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
picocom.x86_64                                                    3.1-9.el8                                                         epel      
picosat.x86_64                                                    965-17.el8                                                        epel      
picosat-R.x86_64                                                  965-17.el8                                                        epel      
picosat-devel.x86_64                                              965-17.el8                                                        epel      
picosat-libs.x86_64                                               965-17.el8                                                        epel      
pidgin.x86_64                                                     2.13.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
pidgin-devel.x86_64                                               2.13.0-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
pidgin-hangouts.noarch                                            1:0-76.20210629git55b9f01.el8                                     epel      
pidgin-sipe.x86_64                                                1.23.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
pim-data-exporter.x86_64                                          21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
pim-data-exporter-libs.x86_64                                     21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
pim-sieve-editor.x86_64                                           21.08.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
pinentry.x86_64                                                   1.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
pinentry-emacs.x86_64                                             1.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                                            1.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                               1.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
pinfo.x86_64                                                      0.6.10-18.el8                                                     AppStream 
pipewire.x86_64                                                   0.3.47-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pipewire-devel.x86_64                                             0.3.47-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pipewire-doc.x86_64                                               0.3.47-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                                         0.3.47-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                              0.3.47-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                             0.3.47-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pipewire0.2-devel.x86_64                                          0.2.7-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                                           0.2.7-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
pixman-devel.x86_64                                               0.40.0-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
pjproject.x86_64                                                  2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
pjproject-devel.x86_64                                            2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
pjsua.x86_64                                                      2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                                              1.22-7.el8                                                        epel      
pkcs11-helper-devel.x86_64                                        1.22-7.el8                                                        epel      
pl.x86_64                                                         8.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
pl-compat-yap-devel.x86_64                                        8.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
pl-devel.x86_64                                                   8.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
pl-doc.x86_64                                                     8.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
pl-odbc.x86_64                                                    8.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
pl-xpce.x86_64                                                    8.4.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
plantuml.noarch                                                   1:1.2023.11-1.el8                                                 epel      
plantuml-javadoc.noarch                                           1:1.2023.11-1.el8                                                 epel      
plasma-applet-redshift-control.noarch                             1.0.18-11.el8                                                     epel      
plasma-applet-translator.noarch                                   0.8-4.el8                                                         epel      
plasma-applet-weather-widget.x86_64                               1.6.10-10.el8                                                     epel      
plasma-breeze.x86_64                                              5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-browser-integration.x86_64                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-desktop.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                                         5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover.x86_64                                            5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-flatpak.x86_64                                    5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-libs.x86_64                                       5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-notifier.x86_64                                   5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-offline-updates.x86_64                            5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-packagekit.x86_64                                 5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-rpm-ostree.x86_64                                 5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-discover-snap.x86_64                                       5.22.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-disks.x86_64                                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-drkonqi.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-firewall.x86_64                                            5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-firewall-firewalld.x86_64                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-integration.x86_64                                         5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-mediacenter.x86_64                                         5.7.5-17.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-milou.x86_64                                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm.x86_64                                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-fortisslvpn.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-l2tp.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-mobile.x86_64                                           5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-openconnect.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-openswan.x86_64                                         5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-openvpn.x86_64                                          5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-pptp.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-sstp.x86_64                                             5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-nm-strongswan.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-pa.x86_64                                                  5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-pass.x86_64                                                1.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
plasma-pk-updates.x86_64                                          1:0.3.2-12.el8                                                    epel      
plasma-sdk.x86_64                                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-systemmonitor.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-systemsettings.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-thunderbolt.x86_64                                         5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-user-manager.x86_64                                        5.18.4.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
plasma-vault.x86_64                                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-wayland-protocols.x86_64                                   1.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
plasma-wayland-protocols-devel.x86_64                             1.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
plasma-workspace.x86_64                                           5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                                    5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-devel.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-doc.noarch                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-geolocation.x86_64                               5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.x86_64                          5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-libs.x86_64                                      5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-wallpapers.noarch                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-wayland.x86_64                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
plasma-workspace-x11.x86_64                                       5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
platform.x86_64                                                   2.1.0.1-8.el8                                                     epel      
platform-devel.x86_64                                             2.1.0.1-8.el8                                                     epel      
platform-python-coverage.x86_64                                   4.5.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
platform-python-debug.x86_64                                      3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
platform-python-devel.x86_64                                      3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
playonlinux.x86_64                                                4.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
pleaser.x86_64                                                    0.5.3-0.el8                                                       epel      
plexus-cipher.noarch                                              1.7-14.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
plexus-classworlds.noarch                                         2.5.2-9.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
plexus-containers-component-annotations.noarch                    1.7.1-8.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
plexus-interpolation.noarch                                       1.22-9.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
plexus-sec-dispatcher.noarch                                      1.4-26.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                              AppStream 
plexus-utils.noarch                                               3.1.0-3.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                             AppStream 
plotutils.x86_64                                                  2.6-20.el8                                                        AppStream 
plotutils-devel.x86_64                                            2.6-20.el8                                                        AppStream 
plplot.x86_64                                                     5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-data.noarch                                                5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-devel.x86_64                                               5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-doc.x86_64                                                 5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-fortran-devel.x86_64                                       5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-java.x86_64                                                5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-java-devel.x86_64                                          5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-libs.x86_64                                                5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-lua.x86_64                                                 5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-pyqt.x86_64                                                5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-qt.x86_64                                                  5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-qt-devel.x86_64                                            5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-tk.x86_64                                                  5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-tk-devel.x86_64                                            5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-wxGTK.x86_64                                               5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
plplot-wxGTK-devel.x86_64                                         5.14.0-9.el8                                                      epel      
pluma.x86_64                                                      1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
pluma-data.noarch                                                 1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
pluma-devel.x86_64                                                1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
pluma-plugins.x86_64                                              1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
pluma-plugins-data.noarch                                         1.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
plymouth.x86_64                                                   0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                                         0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber.x86_64                              0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                                     0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-space-flares.x86_64                               0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-throbgress.x86_64                                 0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                                   0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                                           0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-theme-charge.x86_64                                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-theme-fade-in.x86_64                                     0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-theme-script.x86_64                                      0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-theme-solar.x86_64                                       0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-theme-spinfinity.x86_64                                  0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                                     0.9.4-11.20200615git1e36e30.0.1.an8                               AppStream 
pmdk-convert.x86_64                                               1.7-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
pmempool.x86_64                                                   1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
pmix.x86_64                                                       3.2.3-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
pmix-devel.x86_64                                                 3.2.3-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
pmount.x86_64                                                     0.9.23-19.el8                                                     epel      
pmreorder.x86_64                                                  1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
pngcheck.x86_64                                                   2.4.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
pngcheck-extras.x86_64                                            2.4.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
pngcrush.x86_64                                                   1.8.13-4.el8                                                      epel      
pngquant.x86_64                                                   2.12.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
pnm2ppa.x86_64                                                    1:1.04-40.el8                                                     AppStream 
po-debconf.noarch                                                 1.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
po4a.noarch                                                       0.63-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
podman.x86_64                                                     3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
podman-catatonit.x86_64                                           3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
podman-compose.noarch                                             1.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
podman-docker.noarch                                              3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                             3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
podman-plugins.x86_64                                             3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
podman-remote.x86_64                                              3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
podman-tests.x86_64                                               3:4.4.1-16.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11116+677fb6f4                      AppStream 
poezio.x86_64                                                     0.13.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
poezio-doc.noarch                                                 0.13.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
poke.x86_64                                                       1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
poke-data.noarch                                                  1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
poke-devel.x86_64                                                 1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
poke-libs.x86_64                                                  1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
policycoreutils-dbus.noarch                                       2.9-24.an8                                                        BaseOS    
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                                      2.9-24.an8                                                        BaseOS    
policycoreutils-gui.noarch                                        2.9-24.an8                                                        AppStream 
policycoreutils-newrole.x86_64                                    2.9-24.an8                                                        BaseOS    
policycoreutils-restorecond.x86_64                                2.9-24.an8                                                        BaseOS    
policycoreutils-sandbox.x86_64                                    2.9-24.an8                                                        AppStream 
polkit.x86_64                                                     0.115-15.an8                                                      BaseOS    
polkit-devel.x86_64                                               0.115-15.an8                                                      BaseOS    
polkit-docs.noarch                                                0.115-15.an8                                                      BaseOS    
polkit-kde.x86_64                                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
polkit-libs.x86_64                                                0.115-15.an8                                                      BaseOS    
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                         0.1-12.el8                                                        BaseOS    
polkit-qt-doc.noarch                                              0.112.0-15.el8.1                                                  epel      
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                                               0.114.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
polkit-qt5-1-devel.x86_64                                         0.114.0-3.el8                                                     epel      
poly2tri.x86_64                                                   0.0-21.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.el8                                 epel      
poly2tri-devel.x86_64                                             0.0-21.20130501hg26242d0aa7b8.el8                                 epel      
polyclipping.x86_64                                               6.4.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
polyclipping-devel.x86_64                                         6.4.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
poppler.x86_64                                                    20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                                20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-cpp-devel.x86_64                                          20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-data.noarch                                               0.4.9-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
poppler-devel.x86_64                                              20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-doc.noarch                                                20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
poppler-glib.x86_64                                               20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-glib-devel.x86_64                                         20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-glib-doc.noarch                                           20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                                20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-qt5-devel.x86_64                                          20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
poppler-utils.x86_64                                              20.11.0-6.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
popt-devel.x86_64                                                 1.18-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
popt-doc.noarch                                                   1.18-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
pore.x86_64                                                       0.1.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
portaudio.x86_64                                                  19-30.el8                                                         epel      
portaudio-devel.x86_64                                            19-30.el8                                                         epel      
portmidi.x86_64                                                   217-30.el8                                                        epel      
portmidi-devel.x86_64                                             217-30.el8                                                        epel      
portmidi-tools.x86_64                                             217-30.el8                                                        epel      
portreserve.x86_64                                                0.0.5-19.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
portreserve-doc.noarch                                            0.0.5-19.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
postfix.x86_64                                                    2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     BaseOS    
postfix-cdb.x86_64                                                2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfix-ldap.x86_64                                               2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfix-mta-sts-resolver.noarch                                   1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
postfix-mysql.x86_64                                              2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfix-pcre.x86_64                                               2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                                       2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfix-pgsql.x86_64                                              2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfix-sqlite.x86_64                                             2:3.5.8-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
postfwd.noarch                                                    2.03-5.el8                                                        epel      
postgresql.x86_64                                                 10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                                         10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-docs.x86_64                                            10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                                            42.2.14-2.an8                                                     AppStream 
postgresql-jdbc-javadoc.noarch                                    42.2.14-2.an8                                                     AppStream 
postgresql-odbc.x86_64                                            10.03.0000-3.0.1.an8_6                                            AppStream 
postgresql-odbc-tests.x86_64                                      10.03.0000-3.0.1.an8_6                                            AppStream 
postgresql-plperl.x86_64                                          10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-plpython3.x86_64                                       10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-pltcl.x86_64                                           10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-server.x86_64                                          10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-server-devel.x86_64                                    10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-static.x86_64                                          10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-test.x86_64                                            10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-test-rpm-macros.x86_64                                 10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-upgrade.x86_64                                         10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresql-upgrade-devel.x86_64                                   10.23-2.module+an8.8.0+11091+e64dde36                             AppStream 
postgresqltuner.noarch                                            1.0.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
postgrey.noarch                                                   1.37-9.el8                                                        epel      
postsrsd.x86_64                                                   1.12-3.el8                                                        epel      
potrace.x86_64                                                    1.15-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
potrace-doc.noarch                                                1.15-3.an8                                                        PowerTools
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                                      0.11.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
powerdevil.x86_64                                                 5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
powerline.x86_64                                                  2.8.3-11.el8                                                      epel      
powerline-docs.noarch                                             2.8.3-11.el8                                                      epel      
powerline-fonts.noarch                                            2.8.3-11.el8                                                      epel      
powerman.x86_64                                                   2.3.26-4.el8                                                      epel      
powerman-devel.x86_64                                             2.3.26-4.el8                                                      epel      
powertop.x86_64                                                   2.15-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
powertop-doc.noarch                                               2.15-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
poxml.x86_64                                                      22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
ppl.x86_64                                                        1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-devel.x86_64                                                  1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-docs.x86_64                                                   1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-gprolog.x86_64                                                1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-gprolog-static.x86_64                                         1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-static.x86_64                                                 1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-swiprolog.x86_64                                              1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppl-utils.x86_64                                                  1.2-24.el8                                                        epel      
ppp.x86_64                                                        2.4.7-26.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
ppp-devel.x86_64                                                  2.4.7-26.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
ppp-doc.noarch                                                    2.4.7-26.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
pprof.noarch                                                      1:2.7-9.el8                                                       epel      
pps-tools-devel.x86_64                                            1.0.2-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
pptp.x86_64                                                       1.10.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
pptp-doc.noarch                                                   1.10.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
pptpd.x86_64                                                      1.4.0-23.el8                                                      epel      
pptpd-sysvinit.noarch                                             1.4.0-23.el8                                                      epel      
practrand.x86_64                                                  0.951-2.el8                                                       epel      
prefixdevname.x86_64                                              0.1.0-6.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
prefixdevname-doc.noarch                                          0.1.0-6.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
prelockd.noarch                                                   0.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
prelude-correlator.x86_64                                         5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-lml.x86_64                                                5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-lml-devel.x86_64                                          5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-lml-doc.noarch                                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-lml-rules.noarch                                          5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager.x86_64                                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-db-plugin.x86_64                                  5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-devel.x86_64                                      5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-doc.noarch                                        5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-relaying-plugin.x86_64                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-script-plugin.x86_64                              5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-snmp-plugin.x86_64                                5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-manager-xml-plugin.x86_64                                 5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prelude-tools.x86_64                                              5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
preludedb-mysql.x86_64                                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
preludedb-pgsql.x86_64                                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
preludedb-sqlite3.x86_64                                          5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
preludedb-tools.x86_64                                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
prename.noarch                                                    1.11-5.el8                                                        epel      
preproc.noarch                                                    0.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
preproc-rpmspec.noarch                                            1.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
prewikka.x86_64                                                   5.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
printer-driver-brlaser.x86_64                                     6.2.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
privoxy.x86_64                                                    3.0.33-1.el8                                                      epel      
procServ.x86_64                                                   2.7.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
procdump.x86_64                                                   1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
procenv.x86_64                                                    0.60-1.el8                                                        epel      
procmail.x86_64                                                   3.22-47.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
procmail-doc.noarch                                               3.22-47.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
procps-ng-doc.noarch                                              3.3.15-13.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
procps-ng-i18n.noarch                                             3.3.15-13.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
procyon.noarch                                                    0.6.0-0.2.20220221.git88a95fa.el8                                 epel      
procyon-compilertools.noarch                                      0.6.0-0.2.20220221.git88a95fa.el8                                 epel      
procyon-core.noarch                                               0.6.0-0.2.20220221.git88a95fa.el8                                 epel      
procyon-decompiler.noarch                                         0.6.0-0.2.20220221.git88a95fa.el8                                 epel      
procyon-expressions.noarch                                        0.6.0-0.2.20220221.git88a95fa.el8                                 epel      
procyon-reflection.noarch                                         0.6.0-0.2.20220221.git88a95fa.el8                                 epel      
profanity.x86_64                                                  0.14.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
profanity-devel.x86_64                                            0.14.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
profanity-doc.noarch                                              0.14.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
profanity-libs.x86_64                                             0.14.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd.x86_64                                                    1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd-devel.x86_64                                              1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd-ldap.x86_64                                               1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd-mysql.x86_64                                              1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd-postgresql.x86_64                                         1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd-sqlite.x86_64                                             1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
proftpd-utils.x86_64                                              1.3.6e-5.el8                                                      epel      
progman.x86_64                                                    1.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
proj.x86_64                                                       6.3.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
proj-datumgrid.noarch                                             1.8-6.3.2.4.el8                                                   epel      
proj-datumgrid-europe.noarch                                      1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
proj-datumgrid-north-america.noarch                               1.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
proj-datumgrid-oceania.noarch                                     1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
proj-datumgrid-world.noarch                                       1.0-3.el8                                                         epel      
proj-devel.x86_64                                                 6.3.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
proj-static.x86_64                                                6.3.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
projectM-jack.x86_64                                              3.1.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
projectM-pulseaudio.x86_64                                        3.1.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
prometheus-jmx-exporter.noarch                                    0.12.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
prometheus-jmx-exporter-openjdk11.noarch                          0.12.0-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
prosody.x86_64                                                    0.12.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
protobuf.x86_64                                                   3.5.0-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
protobuf-c-compiler.x86_64                                        1.3.0-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
protobuf-c-devel.x86_64                                           1.3.0-6.an8                                                       AppStream 
protobuf-compiler.x86_64                                          3.5.0-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
protobuf-devel.x86_64                                             3.5.0-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                              3.5.0-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
protobuf-lite-devel.x86_64                                        3.5.0-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
protonvpn-cli.noarch                                              2.2.11-7.el8                                                      epel      
proxychains-ng.x86_64                                             4.16-1.el8                                                        epel      
proxysql.x86_64                                                   2.0.9-4.el8                                                       epel      
proxytunnel.x86_64                                                1.10.20200907-1.el8                                               epel      
prunerepo.noarch                                                  1.25-1.el8                                                        epel      
prwd.x86_64                                                       1.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ps_mem.noarch                                                     3.6-9.an8                                                         BaseOS    
psacct.x86_64                                                     6.6.3-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
psacct-doc.noarch                                                 6.6.3-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
psblas3-common.noarch                                             3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
psblas3-mpich.x86_64                                              3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
psblas3-mpich-devel.x86_64                                        3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
psblas3-openmpi.x86_64                                            3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
psblas3-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                      3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
psblas3-serial.x86_64                                             3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
psblas3-serial-devel.x86_64                                       3.7.0.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
pscan.x86_64                                                      1.3-21.el8                                                        epel      
psi-notify.x86_64                                                 1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pskctool.x86_64                                                   2.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
pslib.x86_64                                                      0.4.5-19.el8                                                      epel      
pslib-devel.x86_64                                                0.4.5-19.el8                                                      epel      
psmisc-doc.noarch                                                 23.1-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
pspg.x86_64                                                       5.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
pssh.noarch                                                       2.3.1-29.el8                                                      epel      
pstoedit.x86_64                                                   3.70-9.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
psutils.noarch                                                    2.05-1.el8                                                        epel      
psutils-tests.noarch                                              2.05-1.el8                                                        epel      
ptex.x86_64                                                       2.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ptex-devel.x86_64                                                 2.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ptex-doc.noarch                                                   2.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ptex-libs.x86_64                                                  2.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ptscotch-mpich.x86_64                                             6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
ptscotch-mpich-devel.x86_64                                       6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
ptscotch-mpich-devel-parmetis.x86_64                              6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
ptscotch-openmpi.x86_64                                           6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
ptscotch-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                     6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
public-inbox.noarch                                               1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
public-inbox-server.noarch                                        1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
publicsuffix-list.noarch                                          20180723-1.el8                                                    BaseOS    
pugixml.x86_64                                                    1.13-1.el8                                                        epel      
pugixml-devel.x86_64                                              1.13-1.el8                                                        epel      
pugixml-doc.x86_64                                                1.13-1.el8                                                        epel      
pulledpork.noarch                                                 0.7.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
pulseaudio.x86_64                                                 15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pulseaudio-doc.noarch                                             15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                                            15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                                      15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                                      15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                                15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                                      15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pulseaudio-qt.x86_64                                              1.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
pulseaudio-qt-devel.x86_64                                        1.3-2.el8                                                         epel      
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                                           15.0-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
pungi.noarch                                                      4.1.38-1.el8.2                                                    epel      
pungi-legacy.noarch                                               4.1.38-1.el8.2                                                    epel      
pungi-utils.noarch                                                4.1.38-1.el8.2                                                    epel      
puppet.noarch                                                     6.26.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
pure-ftpd.x86_64                                                  1.0.49-4.el8                                                      epel      
pure-ftpd-selinux.x86_64                                          1.0.49-4.el8                                                      epel      
purple-hangouts.x86_64                                            1:0-76.20210629git55b9f01.el8                                     epel      
purple-sipe.x86_64                                                1.23.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
purple-telegram.x86_64                                            1.4.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
putty.x86_64                                                      0.76-1.el8                                                        epel      
pv.x86_64                                                         1.6.6-7.el8                                                       epel      
pw3270.x86_64                                                     5.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
pwauth.x86_64                                                     2.3.10-24.el8                                                     epel      
pwgen.x86_64                                                      2.08-3.el8                                                        epel      
pwncat.noarch                                                     0.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
pxz.x86_64                                                        4.999.9-23.beta.20220509git.el8                                   epel      
py3c-devel.x86_64                                                 1.2-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
py3c-doc.noarch                                                   1.2-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
pyOpenSSL-doc.noarch                                              19.0.0-1.an8                                                      PowerTools
pybugz.noarch                                                     0.13-1.gitbb0ae.el8                                               epel      
pygame-devel.x86_64                                               2.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
pygobject2.x86_64                                                 2.28.7-4.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                            AppStream 
pygobject2-codegen.x86_64                                         2.28.7-4.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                            AppStream 
pygobject2-devel.x86_64                                           2.28.7-4.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                            AppStream 
pygobject2-doc.x86_64                                             2.28.7-4.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                            AppStream 
pygtk2.x86_64                                                     2.24.0-24.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                           AppStream 
pygtk2-codegen.x86_64                                             2.24.0-24.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                           AppStream 
pygtk2-devel.x86_64                                               2.24.0-24.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                           AppStream 
pygtk2-doc.noarch                                                 2.24.0-24.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                           AppStream 
pyhoca-cli.noarch                                                 0.6.1.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
pyhoca-gui.noarch                                                 0.6.1.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
pyjson5.noarch                                                    0.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
pykickstart.noarch                                                3.16.15-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
pylint.noarch                                                     2.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
pyotherside.x86_64                                                1.5.9-12.el8                                                      epel      
pyparsing-doc.noarch                                              2.1.10-7.el8                                                      PowerTools
pypolicyd-spf.noarch                                              2.9.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
pypolicyd-spf-milter.noarch                                       2.9.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
pyproject-rpm-macros.noarch                                       1.6.2-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                                      1.6.2-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
pysubnettree.x86_64                                               0.33-1.el8                                                        epel      
pythia8.x86_64                                                    8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
pythia8-data.noarch                                               8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
pythia8-devel.x86_64                                              8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
pythia8-doc.noarch                                                8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
pythia8-examples.noarch                                           8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
pythia8-lhapdf.x86_64                                             8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-Bottleneck-doc.noarch                                      1.2.1-13.el8                                                      epel      
python-CommonMark-doc.noarch                                      0.9.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-OWSLib-doc.noarch                                          0.28.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-adafruit-platformdetect-doc.noarch                         2.18.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-adafruit-pureio-doc.noarch                                 1.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-aiohttp-sse-client-doc.noarch                              0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-amqp-doc.noarch                                            2.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-apptools-doc.noarch                                        5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-asteval-doc.noarch                                         0.9.18-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-avocado-bash.noarch                                        82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python-avocado-common.noarch                                      82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python-avocado-examples.noarch                                    82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python-basemap-examples.x86_64                                    1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-beautifultable-doc.noarch                                  0.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-binaryornot-docs.noarch                                    0.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-bitstruct-doc.noarch                                       8.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-bloom-doc.noarch                                           0.11.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python-breathe-doc.noarch                                         4.11.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python-bugzilla-cli.noarch                                        3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-calcephpy-doc.noarch                                       3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-capturer-doc.noarch                                        2.4-5.el8                                                         epel      
python-catkin_pkg-doc.noarch                                      0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-cbor2-doc.noarch                                           5.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-celery-doc.noarch                                          4.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python-certbot-dns-cloudflare-doc.noarch                          1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-cloudxns-doc.noarch                            1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-dnsimple-doc.noarch                            1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-dnsmadeeasy-doc.noarch                         1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-gehirn-doc.noarch                              1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-linode-doc.noarch                              1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-luadns-doc.noarch                              1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-nsone-doc.noarch                               1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-ovh-doc.noarch                                 1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-certbot-dns-sakuracloud-doc.noarch                         1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-cffi-doc.noarch                                            1.11.5-5.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
python-collectd_systemd-selinux.noarch                            0.0.1-0.19.20181018git212cb79.el8                                 epel      
python-copr-doc.noarch                                            1.130-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-crochet-doc.noarch                                         1.12.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python-cups-doc.x86_64                                            1.9.72-21.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python-dateutil-doc.noarch                                        1:2.6.1-6.el8                                                     PowerTools
python-dbutils-doc.noarch                                         2.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-django-filter-doc.noarch                                   22.1-1.el8                                                        epel      
python-django3-bash-completion.noarch                             3.2.20-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-docker-tests.noarch                                        5.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-docx-doc.noarch                                            0.8.11-3.el8                                                      epel      
python-editorconfig-doc.noarch                                    0.12.3-3.el8                                                      epel      
python-entrypoints-doc.noarch                                     0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python-ephem-doc.noarch                                           3.7.7.1-4.el8                                                     epel      
python-f5-sdk-doc.noarch                                          3.0.21-8.el8                                                      epel      
python-feedparser-doc.noarch                                      5.2.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
python-fields-doc.noarch                                          5.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-filelock-doc.noarch                                        3.0.12-2.el8                                                      epel      
python-flask-doc.noarch                                           1:0.12.2-4.el8                                                    PowerTools
python-formencode-langpacks.noarch                                2.0.0a1-1.el8                                                     epel      
python-geoip2-doc.noarch                                          2.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-gilt-doc.noarch                                            1.2.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
python-git-url-parse-doc.noarch                                   1.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
python-gitlab-doc.noarch                                          1.15.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-gunicorn-doc.noarch                                        20.0.4-3.el8                                                      epel      
python-humanfriendly-doc.noarch                                   4.18-1.el8                                                        epel      
python-idna-ssl.noarch                                            1.1.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
python-imgcreate-sysdeps.x86_64                                   31.0-1.el8                                                        epel      
python-importlib-resources-doc.noarch                             1.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-josepy-doc.noarch                                          1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-kitchen-doc.noarch                                         1.2.6-1.el8.2                                                     epel      
python-klein-doc.noarch                                           20.6.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python-libcomps-doc.noarch                                        0.1.18-1.an8                                                      PowerTools
python-losant-rest-doc.noarch                                     1.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-mako-doc.noarch                                            1.0.6-14.an8                                                      PowerTools
python-marshmallow-doc.noarch                                     3.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-maxminddb-doc.x86_64                                       1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-meld3.noarch                                               2.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-mido-doc.noarch                                            1.2.9-5.el8                                                       epel      
python-multilib-conf.noarch                                       1.2-10.el8                                                        epel      
python-mysqlclient-doc.x86_64                                     1.4.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-ncclient-doc.noarch                                        0.6.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-neovim-doc.noarch                                          0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-nose-docs.noarch                                           1.3.7-31.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python-notify2-doc.noarch                                         0.3.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
python-oletools-doc.noarch                                        0.56.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-opentracing-doc.noarch                                     2.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-osrf-pycommon-doc.noarch                                   2.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-packaging-doc.noarch                                       16.8-9.el8                                                        PowerTools
python-paramiko-doc.noarch                                        2.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-pdfminer-doc.noarch                                        20220319-2.el8                                                    epel      
python-pika-doc.noarch                                            1.0.1-3.el8.1                                                     epel      
python-pip-doc.noarch                                             9.0.3-22.an8                                                      PowerTools
python-pkginfo-doc.noarch                                         1.5.0.1-6.el8                                                     epel      
python-plaster-doc.noarch                                         0.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
python-portend-doc.noarch                                         2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
python-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                                        2.7.5-7.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python-pvc-doc.noarch                                             0.3.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
python-pyarlo-doc.noarch                                          0.2.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-pyasn1-doc.noarch                                          0.3.7-6.el8                                                       PowerTools
python-pycares-doc.noarch                                         3.1.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python-pyface-doc.noarch                                          6.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-pygit2-doc.noarch                                          0.26.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-pygraphviz-doc.noarch                                      1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
python-pymeeus-doc.noarch                                         0.3.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-pymilter-common.noarch                                     1.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-pymilter-selinux.noarch                                    1.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-pymongo-doc.noarch                                         3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                         AppStream 
python-pyperclip-doc.noarch                                       1.8.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-pyrsistent-doc.noarch                                      0.17.3-6.el8                                                      epel      
python-pysaml2-doc.noarch                                         6.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python-pyserial-asyncio-doc.noarch                                0.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
python-qpid-proton-docs.noarch                                    0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-qt5-doc.noarch                                             5.15.0-3.an8                                                      PowerTools
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                      5.15.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
python-readme-renderer-docs.noarch                                24.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
python-reportlab-doc.noarch                                       3.4.0-8.el8                                                       PowerTools
python-requests-futures.noarch                                    1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-rosdep-doc.noarch                                          0.22.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-rosdistro-doc.noarch                                       0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-rospkg-doc.noarch                                          1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-rtmidi-doc.x86_64                                          1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-semantic_version-doc.noarch                                2.6.0-5.el8                                                       PowerTools
python-service-identity-doc.noarch                                18.1.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python-shapely-doc.noarch                                         1.7.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
python-shodan-doc.noarch                                          1.23.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-sortedcontainers-doc.noarch                                2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-sphinx-doc.noarch                                          1:1.7.6-3.an8                                                     PowerTools
python-sphinx-locale.noarch                                       1:1.7.6-3.an8                                                     AppStream 
python-sphinx_ansible_theme-doc.noarch                            0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-sphinxcontrib-asyncio-doc.noarch                           0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python-sqlalchemy-doc.noarch                                      1.3.2-2.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                             AppStream 
python-stem-doc.noarch                                            1.8.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python-sybil-doc.noarch                                           1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-sysv_ipc-examples.x86_64                                   1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-tables-doc.noarch                                          3.5.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
python-testtools-doc.noarch                                       2.4.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python-tkrzw-doc.noarch                                           0.1.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-tornado-doc.x86_64                                         6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python-treq-doc.noarch                                            18.6.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-txaio-doc.noarch                                           18.8.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
python-typeshed.noarch                                            1:0.1-0.20191011git2.el8                                          epel      
python-verboselogs-doc.noarch                                     1.7-5.el8                                                         epel      
python-virtualenv-doc.noarch                                      15.1.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11079+1f0a86ec                           AppStream 
python-webencodings-doc.noarch                                    0.5.1-6.el8                                                       PowerTools
python-websockify-doc.noarch                                      0.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python-werkzeug-doc.noarch                                        0.12.2-4.el8                                                      PowerTools
python-wrapt-doc.x86_64                                           1.11.2-4.el8                                                      epel      
python-wxpython4-doc.noarch                                       4.0.7-13.el8                                                      epel      
python-x2go-doc.noarch                                            0.6.1.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
python-xlib-doc.noarch                                            0.33-2.el8                                                        epel      
python2.x86_64                                                    2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-Automat.noarch                                            0.7.0-3.1.el8                                                     epel      
python2-Cython.x86_64                                             0.28.1-7.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-Levenshtein.x86_64                                        0.12.0-11.el8                                                     epel      
python2-PyMySQL.noarch                                            0.8.0-10.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-WSGIProxy2.noarch                                         0.4.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
python2-absl-py.noarch                                            0.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python2-appdirs.noarch                                            1.4.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
python2-attrs.noarch                                              17.4.0-10.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                           AppStream 
python2-authres.noarch                                            1.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python2-babel.noarch                                              2.5.1-10.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-backports.x86_64                                          1.0-16.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                              AppStream 
python2-backports-ssl_match_hostname.noarch                       3.5.0.1-12.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                          AppStream 
python2-beautifulsoup4.noarch                                     4.6.3-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-blinker.noarch                                            1.4-4.el8                                                         epel      
python2-bson.x86_64                                               3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python2-cairo.x86_64                                              1.16.3-6.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                            AppStream 
python2-cairo-devel.x86_64                                        1.16.3-6.module+el8.2.0+10130+19e95670                            AppStream 
python2-chai.noarch                                               1.1.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
python2-chameleon.noarch                                          3.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-chardet.noarch                                            3.0.4-10.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-cheetah.x86_64                                            3.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-colorclass.noarch                                         2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python2-constantly.noarch                                         15.1.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python2-coverage.x86_64                                           4.5.1-4.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-cssselect.noarch                                          0.9.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
python2-cycler.noarch                                             0.10.0-11.el8                                                     epel      
python2-debug.x86_64                                              2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-devel.x86_64                                              2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-dns.noarch                                                1.15.0-10.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                           AppStream 
python2-dockerpty.noarch                                          0.4.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
python2-docs.noarch                                               2.7.16-2.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-docs-info.noarch                                          2.7.16-2.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-docutils.noarch                                           0.14-12.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-dogpile-cache.noarch                                      0.6.8-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-easygui.noarch                                            0.96-25.el8                                                       epel      
python2-ecdsa.noarch                                              0.13.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
python2-editor.noarch                                             1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-elasticsearch.noarch                                      7.0.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-elasticsearch6.noarch                                     6.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-enum34.noarch                                             1.1.6-8.el8                                                       epel      
python2-funcsigs.noarch                                           1.0.2-13.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-geoip2.noarch                                             2.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-hamcrest.noarch                                           1.9.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python2-httmock.noarch                                            1.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-hupper.noarch                                             1.8.1-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-hyperframe.noarch                                         5.2.0-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-idna.noarch                                               2.5-7.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                               AppStream 
python2-incremental.noarch                                        17.5.0-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
python2-ipaddress.noarch                                          1.0.18-6.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-iso8601.noarch                                            0.1.11-12.an8                                                     AppStream 
python2-isodate.noarch                                            0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-jinja2.noarch                                             2.10-9.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                              AppStream 
python2-junit_xml.noarch                                          1.9-1.20210114gitba89b41.20210114gitba89b41.el8                   epel      
python2-kerberos.x86_64                                           1.3.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python2-kiwisolver.x86_64                                         1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python2-libs.x86_64                                               2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-libxc.noarch                                              4.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-lockfile.noarch                                           1:0.11.0-13.el8.1                                                 epel      
python2-lxml.x86_64                                               4.2.3-6.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-m2r.noarch                                                0.2.1-1.20190604git66f4a5a.el8                                    epel      
python2-markupsafe.x86_64                                         0.23-19.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-maxminddb.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-memcached.noarch                                          1.58-8.el8                                                        epel      
python2-mistune.x86_64                                            0.8.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
python2-mock.noarch                                               2.0.0-13.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-multilib.noarch                                           1.2-10.el8                                                        epel      
python2-munch.noarch                                              2.3.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python2-nose.noarch                                               1.3.7-31.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-numpy.x86_64                                              1:1.14.2-16.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                     AppStream 
python2-numpy-doc.noarch                                          1:1.14.2-16.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                     AppStream 
python2-numpy-f2py.x86_64                                         1:1.14.2-16.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                     AppStream 
python2-openidc-client.noarch                                     0.6.0-4.20180605gitcd8d91c.el8                                    epel      
python2-paste.noarch                                              3.0.8-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-paste-deploy.noarch                                       2.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pathspec.noarch                                           0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pbr.noarch                                                5.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pika.noarch                                               1.0.1-3.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-pip.noarch                                                9.0.3-19.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                        AppStream 
python2-pip-wheel.noarch                                          9.0.3-19.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                        AppStream 
python2-plaster.noarch                                            0.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
python2-plaster-pastedeploy.noarch                                0.7-1.el8.1                                                       epel      
python2-pluggy.noarch                                             0.6.0-8.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-polib.noarch                                              1.0.7-10.el8                                                      epel      
python2-pretend.noarch                                            1.0.8-15.el8                                                      epel      
python2-psutil.x86_64                                             5.6.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
python2-psycopg2.x86_64                                           2.7.5-7.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python2-psycopg2-debug.x86_64                                     2.7.5-7.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python2-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                                     2.7.5-7.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python2-pungi.noarch                                              4.1.38-1.el8.2                                                    epel      
python2-py.noarch                                                 1.5.3-6.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-pyModbusTCP.noarch                                        0.1.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pycodestyle.noarch                                        2.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pycryptodomex.x86_64                                      3.10.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python2-pygments.noarch                                           2.2.0-22.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-pykwalify.noarch                                          1.7.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pylibacl.x86_64                                           0.5.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pymilter.x86_64                                           1.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pymongo.x86_64                                            3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python2-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                                     3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                         AppStream 
python2-pysocks.noarch                                            1.6.8-6.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-pytest.noarch                                             3.4.2-13.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-pytest-cov.noarch                                         1:2.6.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
python2-pytest-forked.noarch                                      1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-pytest-mock.noarch                                        1.9.0-4.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-pytest-runner.noarch                                      4.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
python2-pythia8.x86_64                                            8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
python2-pytz.noarch                                               2017.2-12.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                           AppStream 
python2-pyyaml.x86_64                                             3.12-16.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-requests.noarch                                           2.20.0-3.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                                         3-38.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                                AppStream 
python2-scapy.noarch                                              2.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-scipy.x86_64                                              1.0.0-21.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-service-identity.noarch                                   18.1.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python2-setproctitle.x86_64                                       1.1.10-17.el8                                                     epel      
python2-setuptools.noarch                                         39.0.1-13.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                           AppStream 
python2-setuptools-wheel.noarch                                   39.0.1-13.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                           AppStream 
python2-setuptools_scm.noarch                                     1.15.7-6.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-six.noarch                                                1.11.0-6.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-sqlalchemy.x86_64                                         1.3.2-2.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                             AppStream 
python2-tempita.noarch                                            0.5.1-22.el8.1                                                    epel      
python2-test.x86_64                                               2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-tkinter.x86_64                                            2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-tools.x86_64                                              2.7.18-13.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-translationstring.noarch                                  1.3-9.el8                                                         epel      
python2-urllib3.noarch                                            1.24.2-3.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                            AppStream 
python2-venusian.noarch                                           1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-virtualenv.noarch                                         15.1.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11057+0674a702                           AppStream 
python2-waitress.noarch                                           1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-webob.noarch                                              1.8.5-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python2-webtest.noarch                                            2.0.33-1.el8                                                      epel      
python2-wheel.noarch                                              1:0.31.1-3.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                          AppStream 
python2-wheel-wheel.noarch                                        1:0.31.1-3.module+an8.7.0+10860+d772453f                          AppStream 
python2-zope-component.noarch                                     4.3.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python2-zope-configuration.noarch                                 4.0.3-15.el8                                                      epel      
python2-zope-deprecation.noarch                                   4.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python2-zope-event.noarch                                         4.2.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
python2-zope-exceptions.noarch                                    4.0.8-12.el8.1                                                    epel      
python2-zope-i18nmessageid.x86_64                                 4.0.3-14.el8.1                                                    epel      
python2-zope-interface.x86_64                                     4.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python2-zope-schema.noarch                                        4.4.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
python2-zope-testing.noarch                                       4.6.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-AWSIoTPythonSDK.noarch                                    1.4.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-Automat.noarch                                            0.7.0-3.1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-Bottleneck.x86_64                                         1.2.1-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-CommonMark.noarch                                         0.9.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-Cython.x86_64                                             0.28.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-GeographicLib.noarch                                      1.50.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-GitPython.noarch                                          3.1.18-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-HepMC3.x86_64                                             3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-HepMC3-protobufIO.x86_64                                  3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-HepMC3-rootIO.x86_64                                      3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-HepMC3-search.x86_64                                      3.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-IPy.noarch                                                1.00-3.el8                                                        epel      
python3-Levenshtein.x86_64                                        0.12.0-11.el8                                                     epel      
python3-OWSLib.noarch                                             0.28.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-PyDrive.noarch                                            1.3.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                                            0.10.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python3-QtPy.noarch                                               1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-SoapySDR.x86_64                                           0.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-Traits.x86_64                                             5.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-TurboGears2.noarch                                        2.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-WSGIProxy2.noarch                                         0.4.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-abrt.x86_64                                               2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-abrt-addon.x86_64                                         2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-abrt-container-addon.x86_64                               2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-abrt-doc.noarch                                           2.10.9-24.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-absl-py.noarch                                            0.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-acme.noarch                                               1.22.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-acora.x86_64                                              2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-adafruit-platformdetect.noarch                            2.18.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-adafruit-pureio.noarch                                    1.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-adb-shell.noarch                                          0.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aeidon.noarch                                             1.12-3.el8                                                        epel      
python3-aenum.noarch                                              2.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aexpect.noarch                                            1.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-afsapi.noarch                                             0.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aggregate6.noarch                                         1.0.12-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ailment.noarch                                            8.20.1.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-aiocmd.noarch                                             0.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiocurrencylayer.noarch                                   0.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiodns.noarch                                             2.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiofiles.noarch                                           0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiogqlc.noarch                                            1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aioguardian.noarch                                        1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiohomekit.noarch                                         0.2.50-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-aiohttp.x86_64                                            3.7.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiohttp-sse-client.noarch                                 0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiohue.noarch                                             2.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aioiotprov.noarch                                         0.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aioitertools.noarch                                       0.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiolifx.noarch                                            0.6.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiomqtt.noarch                                            0.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiomultiprocess.noarch                                    0.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiomysql.noarch                                           0.0.20-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-aioopenssl.noarch                                         0.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiopg.noarch                                              1.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aioresponses.noarch                                       0.6.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiosasl.noarch                                            0.4.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiosmb.noarch                                             0.2.26-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-aiosnmp.noarch                                            0.2.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiosqlite.noarch                                          0.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-aiounittest.noarch                                        1.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-aiozeroconf.noarch                                        0.1.8-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-airthings.noarch                                          3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-alembic.noarch                                            1.0.11-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-altgraph.noarch                                           0.16.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-amqp.noarch                                               2.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ana.noarch                                                0.06-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-aniso8601.noarch                                          9.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ansible-lint.noarch                                       3.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ansicolors.noarch                                         1.1.8-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-anyjson.noarch                                            0.3.3-26.el8                                                      epel      
python3-apipkg.noarch                                             1.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
python3-appdirs.noarch                                            1.4.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-apprise.noarch                                            1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-apptools.noarch                                           5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-apsw.x86_64                                               3.26.0.r1-1.el8                                                   epel      
python3-ara.noarch                                                1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-archinfo.noarch                                           8.20.1.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-argcomplete.noarch                                        1.9.3-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-argh.noarch                                               0.26.1-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-argparse-manpage.noarch                                   4.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-arrow.noarch                                              0.14.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-asciitree.noarch                                          0.3.3-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ase.noarch                                                3.19.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-asgiref.noarch                                            3.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                                         0.24.0-3.el8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-assimp.noarch                                             5.0.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-asteval.noarch                                            0.9.18-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-astral.noarch                                             1.10.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-astroid.noarch                                            2.3.3-6.gitace7b29.el8                                            epel      
python3-astropy.x86_64                                            3.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-astropy-doc.x86_64                                        3.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-async-generator.noarch                                    1.10-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-async-timeout.noarch                                      3.0.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-asyncssh.noarch                                           2.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-asysocks.noarch                                           0.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-atomicwrites.noarch                                       1.3.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-atpublic.x86_64                                           1.0-3.el8                                                         epel      
python3-attrs.noarch                                              17.4.0-6.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-augeas.noarch                                             0.5.0-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-auth-credential.noarch                                    1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-authres.noarch                                            1.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-autobahn.noarch                                           19.10.1-3.el8                                                     epel      
python3-autowrap.noarch                                           0.22.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-avahi.x86_64                                              0.7-20.an8                                                        BaseOS    
python3-avocado.noarch                                            82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-glib.noarch                               82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-golang.noarch                             82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-loader-yaml.noarch                        82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-output-html.noarch                        82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-result-upload.noarch                      82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-varianter-cit.noarch                      82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-varianter-pict.noarch                     82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-avocado-plugins-varianter-yaml-to-mux.noarch              82.0-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-babel.noarch                                              2.5.1-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-backcall.noarch                                           0.1.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-backlash.noarch                                           0.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-backoff.noarch                                            1.11.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-badchars.noarch                                           0.4.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-baluhn.noarch                                             0.1.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-barman.noarch                                             3.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-basemap.x86_64                                            1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-batalgorithm.noarch                                       0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-batinfo.noarch                                            0.4.2-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-bcc.x86_64                                                0.25.0-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-bcrypt.x86_64                                             3.1.6-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-beautifultable.noarch                                     0.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-betamax.noarch                                            0.8.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-betamax-matchers.noarch                                   0.4.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-betamax-serializers.noarch                                0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-billiard.noarch                                           1:3.6.1.0-5.el8                                                   epel      
python3-binaryornot.noarch                                        0.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-bind.noarch                                               32:9.11.36-8.an8.2                                                AppStream 
python3-bind9.16.noarch                                           32:9.16.23-0.14.an8.2                                             AppStream 
python3-biscuits.x86_64                                           0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-bitstring.noarch                                          3.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-bitstruct.x86_64                                          8.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-blackbird.noarch                                          0.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-bleach.noarch                                             3.1.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-blessed.noarch                                            1.19.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-blessings.noarch                                          1.7-8.el8                                                         epel      
python3-blinker.noarch                                            1.4-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-blist.x86_64                                              1.3.6-23.el8                                                      epel      
python3-blivet.noarch                                             1:3.6.0-4.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-blockdev.x86_64                                           2.28-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
python3-bloom.noarch                                              0.11.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-bmaptools.noarch                                          3.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-bodhi.noarch                                              4.0.2-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-bodhi-client.noarch                                       4.0.2-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-bodhi-messages.noarch                                     4.0.2-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-boom.noarch                                               1.3-2.0.2.an8                                                     BaseOS    
python3-botan2.x86_64                                             2.12.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-boto3.noarch                                              1.15.15-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-botocore.noarch                                           1.18.15-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-bottle.noarch                                             0.12.21-2.el8                                                     epel      
python3-bpython.noarch                                            0.20.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-bpython-urwid.noarch                                      0.20.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-bracex.noarch                                             2.1.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-bravado.noarch                                            11.0.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-bravado-core.noarch                                       5.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-breathe.noarch                                            4.11.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                             0.8.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
python3-brotli.x86_64                                             1.0.6-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
python3-bsddb3.x86_64                                             6.2.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-bson.x86_64                                               3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                         AppStream 
python3-bugzilla.noarch                                           3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-bytesize.x86_64                                           2.5-3.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-caca.x86_64                                               0.99-0.59.beta20.el8                                              epel      
python3-cached_property.noarch                                    1.5.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cachelib.noarch                                           0.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-cachetools.noarch                                         3.1.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cairo.x86_64                                              1.16.3-6.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-cairocffi.noarch                                          1.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cairosvg.noarch                                           2.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-calcephpy.x86_64                                          3.5.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-calligrabot.noarch                                        1.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cantera.x86_64                                            2.6.0-0.7.a4.el8                                                  epel      
python3-cantor.x86_64                                             19.12.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
python3-capstone.x86_64                                           4.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-capturer.noarch                                           2.4-5.el8                                                         epel      
python3-case.noarch                                               1.5.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-catkin-sphinx.noarch                                      0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-catkin_lint.noarch                                        1.6.22-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-catkin_pkg.noarch                                         0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cbor2.x86_64                                              5.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cccolutils.x86_64                                         1.5-11.el8                                                        epel      
python3-cchardet.x86_64                                           2.1.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-celery.noarch                                             4.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cepces.noarch                                             0.3.5-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cerberus.noarch                                           1.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-certbot.noarch                                            1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-apache.noarch                                     1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-cloudflare.noarch                             1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-cloudxns.noarch                               1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-digitalocean.noarch                           1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-dnsimple.noarch                               1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-dnsmadeeasy.noarch                            1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-gehirn.noarch                                 1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-google.noarch                                 1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-linode.noarch                                 1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-luadns.noarch                                 1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-nsone.noarch                                  1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-ovh.noarch                                    1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-rfc2136.noarch                                1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-route53.noarch                                1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-dns-sakuracloud.noarch                            1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certbot-nginx.noarch                                      1.22.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-certifi.noarch                                            2018.10.15-7.el8                                                  epel      
python3-cffi.x86_64                                               1.11.5-5.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-cftime.x86_64                                             1.0.3.4-5.el8                                                     epel      
python3-chai.noarch                                               1.1.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-chameleon.noarch                                          3.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                                 2.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cheetah.x86_64                                            3.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cheroot.noarch                                            8.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cherrypy.noarch                                           18.4.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-chirpstack-api.noarch                                     3.7.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ciso8601.x86_64                                           2.1.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cjdns.noarch                                              21.1-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-clang.x86_64                                              15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
python3-click.noarch                                              6.7-8.el8                                                         AppStream 
python3-click-completion.noarch                                   0.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-click-man.noarch                                          0.4.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-click-plugins.noarch                                      1.1.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cligj.noarch                                              0.7.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cloudflare.noarch                                         2.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-clustershell.noarch                                       1.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cmarkgfm.x86_64                                           0.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-coapthon3.noarch                                          1.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colander.noarch                                           1.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-alias.noarch                                       0.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-argcomplete.noarch                                 0.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-bash.noarch                                        0.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-bazel.noarch                                       0.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-bundle.noarch                                      0.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-cd.noarch                                          0.1.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-cmake.noarch                                       0.2.27-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-colcon-common-extensions.noarch                           0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-core.noarch                                        0.12.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-colcon-coveragepy-result.noarch                           0.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-defaults.noarch                                    0.2.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-devtools.noarch                                    0.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-ed.noarch                                          0.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-installed-package-information.noarch               0.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-lcov-result.noarch                                 0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-library-path.noarch                                0.2.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-metadata.noarch                                    0.2.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-mixin.noarch                                       0.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-notification.noarch                                0.2.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-colcon-output.noarch                                      0.2.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-colcon-package-information.noarch                         0.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-package-selection.noarch                           0.2.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-colcon-parallel-executor.noarch                           0.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-pkg-config.noarch                                  0.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-powershell.noarch                                  0.3.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-python-setup-py.noarch                             0.2.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-recursive-crawl.noarch                             0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-rerun.noarch                                       0.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-ros.noarch                                         0.3.23-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-colcon-ros-bazel.noarch                                   0.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-ros-bundle.noarch                                  0.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-spawn-shell.noarch                                 0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-test-result.noarch                                 0.3.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colcon-zsh.noarch                                         0.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-collada.noarch                                            0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-collectd_cvmfs.noarch                                     1.3.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-collectd_puppet.noarch                                    2.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-collectd_systemd.noarch                                   0.0.1-0.19.20181018git212cb79.el8                                 epel      
python3-colorama.noarch                                           0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colorclass.noarch                                         2.2.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colorlog.noarch                                           4.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-colour.noarch                                             0.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-commandparse.noarch                                       1.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-compose-utils.noarch                                      0.1.26-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-conda.noarch                                              4.10.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-conda-package-handling.x86_64                             1.7.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-configargparse.noarch                                     0.14.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
python3-configobj.noarch                                          5.0.6-11.el8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-configshell.noarch                                        1:1.1.28-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
python3-confuse.noarch                                            1.0.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-connect-box.noarch                                        0.2.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-constantly.noarch                                         15.1.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-construct.noarch                                          2.10.68-3.el8                                                     epel      
python3-contextlib2.noarch                                        0.6.0.post1-1.el8                                                 epel      
python3-contextvars.noarch                                        2.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-cooldict.noarch                                           1.04-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-copr.noarch                                               1.130-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-copr-common.noarch                                        0.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-copr-messaging.noarch                                     0.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-copr-messaging-doc.noarch                                 0.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-coreapi.noarch                                            2.3.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-coreschema.noarch                                         0.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cornice.noarch                                            3.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cornice-sphinx.noarch                                     1:0.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-coronavirus.noarch                                        1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cov-core.noarch                                           1.15.0-15.el8                                                     epel      
python3-coverage.x86_64                                           4.5.1-9.an8                                                       AppStream 
python3-coveralls.noarch                                          1.8.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-coveralls-docs.noarch                                     1.8.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cpio.noarch                                               0.1-29.el8                                                        AppStream 
python3-cppheaderparser.noarch                                    2.7.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cpuinfo.noarch                                            5.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cram.noarch                                               0.7-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-crank.noarch                                              0.8.1-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-crayons.noarch                                            0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-crcelk.noarch                                             1.3-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-createrepo_c.x86_64                                       0.20.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-criu.x86_64                                               3.15-4.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11097+730be896                          AppStream 
python3-crochet.noarch                                            1.12.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-croniter.noarch                                           0.3.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-cryptography.x86_64                                       3.2.1-5.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-cryptography-vectors.noarch                               2.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-csdiff.x86_64                                             3.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cssselect2.noarch                                         0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cups.x86_64                                               1.9.72-21.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-curio.noarch                                              1.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-curtsies.noarch                                           0.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cxxfilt.noarch                                            0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-cycler.noarch                                             0.10.0-11.el8                                                     epel      
python3-cytoolz.x86_64                                            0.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-d2to1.noarch                                              0.2.12-15.post1.el8                                               epel      
python3-daemon.noarch                                             2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-daikin.noarch                                             2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-danfossair.noarch                                         0.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dasbus.noarch                                             1.2-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
python3-dataclasses.noarch                                        0.8-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-dateutils.noarch                                          0.6.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dbus-client-gen.noarch                                    0.4-1.el8                                                         AppStream 
python3-dbus-python-client-gen.noarch                             0.7-3.el8                                                         AppStream 
python3-dbus-signature-pyparsing.noarch                           0.03-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
python3-dbutils.noarch                                            2.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ddt.noarch                                                1.2.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-debconf.noarch                                            1.5.82-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-debian.noarch                                             0.1.36-9.el8                                                      epel      
python3-deconz.noarch                                             73-1.el8                                                          epel      
python3-decorator.noarch                                          4.2.1-2.el8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-defusedxml.noarch                                         0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-deprecated.noarch                                         1.2.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-devel.x86_64                                              3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
python3-dialog.noarch                                             3.3.0-22.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dictdiffer.noarch                                         0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dictdumper.noarch                                         0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-digitalocean.noarch                                       1.16.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dill.noarch                                               0.3.1.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
python3-dingz.noarch                                              0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dionaea.x86_64                                            0.7.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dirq.noarch                                               1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-discord.noarch                                            1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-distlib.noarch                                            0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-distro.noarch                                             1.4.0-2.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                             AppStream 
python3-distroinfo.noarch                                         0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-distutils-extra.noarch                                    2.39-16.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-auth-ldap.noarch                                   2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-cache-url.noarch                                   3.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-cacheops.noarch                                    6.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-django-contrib-comments.noarch                            2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-cors-headers.noarch                                3.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-crispy-forms.noarch                                1.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-django-debug-toolbar.noarch                               2.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-django-email-url.noarch                                   0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-filter.noarch                                      22.1-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-django-ipware.noarch                                      2.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-js-asset.noarch                                    1.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-jsonfield-backport.noarch                          1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-mptt.noarch                                        0.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-django-pglocks.noarch                                     1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-prometheus.noarch                                  2.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-rest-framework.noarch                              3.11.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-django-rq.noarch                                          2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-rules.noarch                                       2.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-search-url.noarch                                  0.1-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-django-tables2.noarch                                     2.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-taggit.noarch                                      1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-tastypie.noarch                                    0.14.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-django-tastypie-doc.noarch                                0.14.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-django-timezone-field.noarch                              4.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django-timezone-field+rest_framework.noarch               4.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-django3.noarch                                            3.2.20-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                                          3.12.3-2.an8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-dmlite.x86_64                                             1.15.2-15.el8                                                     epel      
python3-dnf-plugin-flunk_dependent_remove.noarch                  1.0-5.el8                                                         epel      
python3-dnf-plugin-modulesync.noarch                              4.0.21-19.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-dnf-plugin-perfmetrics.noarch                             1.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-dnf-plugin-post-transaction-actions.noarch                4.0.21-19.an8                                                     BaseOS    
python3-dnf-plugin-versionlock.noarch                             4.0.21-19.an8                                                     BaseOS    
python3-dns.noarch                                                1.15.0-11.an8                                                     BaseOS    
python3-dns-lexicon.noarch                                        3.3.17-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dnsgen.noarch                                             1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dnslib.noarch                                             0.9.21-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-docker.noarch                                             5.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dockerpty.noarch                                          0.4.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
python3-docs.noarch                                               3.6.7-2.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                             AppStream 
python3-docutils.noarch                                           0.14-12.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                             AppStream 
python3-docx.noarch                                               0.8.11-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dogpile-cache.noarch                                      0.6.8-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-dominate.noarch                                           2.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dotenv.noarch                                             0.19.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-drf-yasg.noarch                                           1.20.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-drf-yasg+validation.noarch                                1.20.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-dropbox.noarch                                            9.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-dtfabric.noarch                                           0.0.20200119-1.el8                                                epel      
python3-dtopt.noarch                                              0.1-44.el8                                                        epel      
python3-dulwich.x86_64                                            0.19.13-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-easyco.noarch                                             0.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-easygui.noarch                                            0.96-25.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ecdsa.noarch                                              0.13.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-editor.noarch                                             1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-editorconfig.noarch                                       0.12.3-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-elasticsearch.noarch                                      7.0.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-elasticsearch6.noarch                                     6.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-email-validator.noarch                                    1.0.5-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-emoji.noarch                                              0.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-empy.noarch                                               3.3.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-enchant.noarch                                            2.0.0-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-enlighten.noarch                                          1.10.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-enthought-sphinx-theme.noarch                             0.6.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-entrypoints.noarch                                        0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-ephem.x86_64                                              3.7.7.1-4.el8                                                     epel      
python3-epson-projector.noarch                                    0.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-espresso-mpich.x86_64                                     4.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-espresso-openmpi.x86_64                                   4.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-et_xmlfile.noarch                                         1.0.1-22.el8                                                      epel      
python3-etcd3.noarch                                              0.12.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ethtool.x86_64                                            0.14-5.an8                                                        BaseOS    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                              1.1.2-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-eventlet.noarch                                           0.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-eventlet-doc.noarch                                       0.26.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-events.noarch                                             0.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-execnet.noarch                                            1.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-extension-helpers.noarch                                  0.1-5.el8                                                         epel      
python3-extras.noarch                                             1.0.0-11.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-f5-icontrol-rest.noarch                                   1.3.15-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-f5-sdk.noarch                                             3.0.21-8.el8                                                      epel      
python3-falcon.x86_64                                             3.1.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-fasjson-client.noarch                                     0.1.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-fasteners.noarch                                          0.17-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-fedfind.noarch                                            5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-fedmsg.noarch                                             1.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-fedora.noarch                                             0.10.0-10.el8                                                     epel      
python3-fedora-flask.noarch                                       0.10.0-10.el8                                                     epel      
python3-fedora-messaging.noarch                                   3.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-feedgen.noarch                                            0.7.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-feedparser.noarch                                         5.2.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-fido2.noarch                                              0.8.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-fields.noarch                                             5.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-filelock.noarch                                           3.0.12-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-fiona.x86_64                                              1.8.20-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-fireflyalgorithm.noarch                                   0.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-firewall.noarch                                           0.9.3-13.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-fixtures.noarch                                           3.0.0-19.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flake8.noarch                                             3.7.7-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flake8-docstrings.noarch                                  1.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flake8-polyfill.noarch                                    1.0.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flann.x86_64                                              1.9.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flask.noarch                                              1:0.12.2-4.el8                                                    AppStream 
python3-flask-cors.noarch                                         3.0.10-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flask-healthz.noarch                                      0.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flask-login.noarch                                        0.4.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flask-migrate.noarch                                      2.1.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flask-oidc.noarch                                         1.4.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flask-openid.noarch                                       1.2.5-21.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flask-restful.noarch                                      0.3.8-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flask-script.noarch                                       2.0.6-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flask-sqlalchemy.noarch                                   2.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flask-wtf.noarch                                          0.14.2-8.el8                                                      epel      
python3-flexmock.noarch                                           0.10.10-2.el8                                                     epel      
python3-flit.noarch                                               1.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-flit-core.noarch                                          3.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-flufl-lock.noarch                                         3.2-9.el8                                                         epel      
python3-flufl-testing.noarch                                      0.8-3.el8                                                         epel      
python3-fmf.noarch                                                1.2.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-formencode.noarch                                         2.0.0a1-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-freeipa.noarch                                            1.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-freeradius.x86_64                                         3.0.20-14.module+an8.7.0+11040+9d74638a                           AppStream 
python3-freezegun.noarch                                          0.3.12-1.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-friendlyloris.noarch                                      1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-frozendict.noarch                                         1.2-13.el8                                                        epel      
python3-funcy.noarch                                              1.15-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-future.noarch                                             0.18.3-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-fuzza.noarch                                              0.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gdal.x86_64                                               3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-gdl.x86_64                                                0.9.9-20.20190915git2870075.el8                                   epel      
python3-genshi.noarch                                             0.7.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-geoip2.noarch                                             2.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-geopy.noarch                                              1.21.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-gevent.x86_64                                             1.2.2-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-gfal2.x86_64                                              1.12.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-gfal2-util.noarch                                         1.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gilt.noarch                                               1.2.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-git-url-parse.noarch                                      1.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gitdb.noarch                                              4.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gitlab.noarch                                             1.15.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-glances-api.noarch                                        0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gmqtt.noarch                                              0.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gnupg.noarch                                              0.4.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-gnuradio.x86_64                                           3.8.0.0-6.el8                                                     epel      
python3-gobject.x86_64                                            3.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                                       3.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                                3.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-gobject-devel.x86_64                                      3.40.1-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-google-api-client.noarch                                  1:1.6.7-10.el8                                                    epel      
python3-google-auth.noarch                                        1:1.1.1-10.el8                                                    epel      
python3-google-auth-oauthlib.noarch                               0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-googleapis-common-protos.noarch                           1.55.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-gpsd.x86_64                                               3.19-4.el8.1                                                      epel      
python3-greenlet.x86_64                                           0.4.13-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-greenlet-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.13-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-grokmirror.noarch                                         2.0.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                             1.5.1-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-gunicorn.noarch                                           20.0.4-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-h11.noarch                                                0.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-h2.noarch                                                 3.1.0-3.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-h5py.x86_64                                               2.9.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-hamcrest.noarch                                           1.9.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-hamlib.x86_64                                             4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-hatasmota.noarch                                          0.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-hdate.noarch                                              0.9.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-hexdump.noarch                                            3.4-0.14.20160818hg66325cb5fed8.el8                               epel      
python3-hikvision.noarch                                          1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-hivex.x86_64                                              1.3.18-23.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                           AppStream 
python3-hole.noarch                                               0.5.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-holidays.noarch                                           0.9.12-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-homeconnect.noarch                                        0.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-homeworks.noarch                                          0.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-hpack.noarch                                              3.0.0-5.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-hstspreload.noarch                                        2021.5.24-1.el8                                                   epel      
python3-html2text.noarch                                          2019.9.26-3.el8                                                   epel      
python3-httmock.noarch                                            1.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-httpbin.noarch                                            0.7.0-21.el8                                                      epel      
python3-httpcore.noarch                                           0.12.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-httplib2.noarch                                           0.10.3-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-httpretty.noarch                                          0.9.7-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-httpx.noarch                                              0.16.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-humanfriendly.noarch                                      4.18-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-humanize.noarch                                           0.5.1-13.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-hupper.noarch                                             1.8.1-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-hvac.noarch                                               0.9.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-hwdata.noarch                                             2.3.6-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-hyperframe.noarch                                         5.2.0-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-hyperlink.noarch                                          19.0.0-1.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-hypothesis.noarch                                         3.44.24-6.el8                                                     AppStream 
python3-idle.x86_64                                               3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
python3-idstools.noarch                                           0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ifcfg.noarch                                              0.21-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-imagesize.noarch                                          1.0.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-img2pdf.noarch                                            0.4.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-imgcreate.x86_64                                          31.0-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-immutables.x86_64                                         0.15-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-impacket.noarch                                           0.10.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-importlib-metadata.noarch                                 0.23-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-importlib-resources.noarch                                1.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-incremental.noarch                                        17.5.0-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-inflection.noarch                                         0.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-influxdb.noarch                                           5.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-iniparse.noarch                                           0.4-31.el8                                                        BaseOS    
python3-inotify.noarch                                            0.9.6-13.el8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-inotify_simple.noarch                                     1.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-into-dbus-python.noarch                                   0.06-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
python3-ipaclient.noarch                                          4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
python3-ipalib.noarch                                             4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
python3-ipaserver.noarch                                          4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
python3-ipatests.noarch                                           4.9.11-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                        AppStream 
python3-ipmi.noarch                                               0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-iptools.noarch                                            0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ipython.noarch                                            7.16.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ipython-sphinx.noarch                                     7.16.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ipython_genutils.noarch                                   0.1.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                              6.2.1.4-8.git095f59c.0.1.an8                                      BaseOS    
python3-iso3166.noarch                                            1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-iso8601.noarch                                            0.1.11-12.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-isodate.noarch                                            0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-isort.noarch                                              4.3.21-6.el8                                                      epel      
python3-itanium_demangler.noarch                                  1.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-itsdangerous.noarch                                       0.24-14.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-itypes.noarch                                             1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jabberpy.noarch                                           0.5-0.38.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-jaraco.noarch                                             6.2-6.el8                                                         epel      
python3-jaraco-classes.noarch                                     2.0-7.el8                                                         epel      
python3-jaraco-functools.noarch                                   2.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-jaraco-packaging.noarch                                   6.2-6.el8                                                         epel      
python3-javaobj.noarch                                            0.4.0.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-jdcal.noarch                                              1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jedi.noarch                                               0.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-jeepney.noarch                                            0.4.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jenkins.noarch                                            1.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jinja2.noarch                                             2.10.1-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-jinja2-time.noarch                                        0.2.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-jira.noarch                                               3.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jmespath.noarch                                           0.9.0-11.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-joblib.noarch                                             1.2.0-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
python3-joblib-doc.noarch                                         1.2.0-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
python3-josepy.noarch                                             1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-journal-brief.noarch                                      1.1.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jsmva.noarch                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-json2table.noarch                                         1.1.5-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-json5.noarch                                              0.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jsonnet.x86_64                                            0.17.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-jsonpatch.noarch                                          1.21-2.el8                                                        AppStream 
python3-jsonpath-rw.noarch                                        1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jsonpickle.noarch                                         1.4.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                                        1.10-11.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-jsonref.noarch                                            0.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-jsonschema.noarch                                         2.6.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-junit_xml.noarch                                          1.9-1.20210114gitba89b41.20210114gitba89b41.el8                   epel      
python3-junitxml.noarch                                           0.7-29.el8                                                        epel      
python3-jupyroot.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-justbases.noarch                                          0.14-4.an8                                                        AppStream 
python3-justbytes.noarch                                          0.14-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
python3-jwcrypto.noarch                                           0.5.0-1.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                           AppStream 
python3-jwt.noarch                                                1.6.1-2.el8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-kajiki.noarch                                             0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-kaptan.noarch                                             0.5.12-16.el8                                                     epel      
python3-kerberos.x86_64                                           1.3.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch                      1.1-10.an8                                                        AppStream 
python3-keyring.noarch                                            21.5.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kgb.noarch                                                7.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-kgb-tests.noarch                                          7.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-kickstart.noarch                                          3.16.15-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-kismet-rest.noarch                                        2019.5.2-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-kitchen.noarch                                            1.2.6-1.el8.2                                                     epel      
python3-kitchen-doc.noarch                                        1.2.6-1.el8.2                                                     epel      
python3-kiwi-boxed-plugin.noarch                                  0.2.23-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kiwisolver.x86_64                                         1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-klein.noarch                                              20.6.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kmod.x86_64                                               0.9-20.el8                                                        BaseOS    
python3-koan.noarch                                               3.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-kobo.noarch                                               0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kobo-admin.noarch                                         0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kobo-client.noarch                                        0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kobo-django.noarch                                        0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kobo-hub.noarch                                           0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kobo-rpmlib.noarch                                        0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kobo-worker.noarch                                        0.30.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-koji.noarch                                               1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-koji-cli-plugins.noarch                                   1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-koji-hub.noarch                                           1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-koji-hub-plugins.noarch                                   1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-koji-web.noarch                                           1.33.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-kolabformat.x86_64                                        1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-kombu.noarch                                              1:4.6.6-3.el8                                                     epel      
python3-korean-lunar-calendar.noarch                              0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-kubernetes.noarch                                         1:11.0.0-6.el8                                                    epel      
python3-kubernetes-tests.noarch                                   1:11.0.0-6.el8                                                    epel      
python3-lacrosse.noarch                                           0.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-lammps.x86_64                                             20190807-2.el8                                                    epel      
python3-langdetect.noarch                                         1.0.9-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-langtable.noarch                                          0.0.51-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-lark-parser.noarch                                        0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-lazy-object-proxy.x86_64                                  1.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ldap.x86_64                                               3.3.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
python3-ldap3.noarch                                              2.8.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ldapdomaindump.noarch                                     0.9.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ldb.x86_64                                                2.6.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
python3-ldeep.noarch                                              1.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-lesscpy.noarch                                            0.13.0-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-lhapdf.x86_64                                             6.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-libarchive-c.noarch                                       2.8-8.el8                                                         epel      
python3-libchewing.noarch                                         0.5.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-libfreenect.x86_64                                        0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-libftdi.x86_64                                            1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-libgpiod.x86_64                                           1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                                         1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                                        2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-libkdumpfile.x86_64                                       0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-libkml.x86_64                                             1.3.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                                        2.13.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-libmount.x86_64                                           2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-libnacl.noarch                                            1.7.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-libnbd.x86_64                                             1.6.0-5.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
python3-libnl3.x86_64                                             3.7.0-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-libnmstate.x86_64                                         2.2.15-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-libpfm.x86_64                                             4.11.0-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-libproxy.noarch                                           0.4.15-5.2.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
python3-librepo.x86_64                                            1.14.2-4.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-libreport.x86_64                                          2.9.5-15.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                     1.9.1-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-libsvm.x86_64                                             3.23-7.el8                                                        epel      
python3-libuser.x86_64                                            0.62-25.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
python3-libvirt.x86_64                                            8.0.0-2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                             AppStream 
python3-libvoikko.noarch                                          4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-libxml2.x86_64                                            2.9.7-17.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-linkheader.noarch                                         0.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                                       0.7.1-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-lit.noarch                                                15.0.7-1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                            AppStream 
python3-lldb.x86_64                                               15.0.7-1.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11071+5a83e30b                        AppStream 
python3-llfuse.x86_64                                             1.3.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-lockfile.noarch                                           1:0.11.0-13.el8.1                                                 epel      
python3-logging-tree.noarch                                       1.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-logutils.noarch                                           0.3.5-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-losant-rest.noarch                                        1.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-louis.noarch                                              3.16.1-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-lrparsing.noarch                                          1.0.16-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-lttng.x86_64                                              2.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-luftdaten.noarch                                          0.6.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-lxc.x86_64                                                3.0.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-lxml-doc.x86_64                                           4.2.3-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
python3-lz4.x86_64                                                2.1.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-m2crypto.x86_64                                           0.35.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-m2r.noarch                                                0.2.1-1.20190604git66f4a5a.el8                                    epel      
python3-magic.noarch                                              5.33-24.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-mako.noarch                                               1.0.6-14.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-managesieve.noarch                                        0.6-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-markdown.noarch                                           2.6.11-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-markdown-include.noarch                                   0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-markdown2.noarch                                          2.4.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                                         0.23-19.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-marshmallow.noarch                                        3.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-marshmallow-enum.noarch                                   1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-masscan.noarch                                            0.1.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib.x86_64                                         3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-data.noarch                                    3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-data-fonts.noarch                              3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-doc.x86_64                                     3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-gtk3.x86_64                                    3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-qt5.x86_64                                     3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-test-data.x86_64                               3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-tk.x86_64                                      3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-matplotlib-wx.x86_64                                      3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-maxminddb.x86_64                                          1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mccabe.noarch                                             0.6.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-meh.noarch                                                0.47.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                                            0.47.2-1.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-meld3.noarch                                              2.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-memcached.noarch                                          1.58-8.el8                                                        epel      
python3-messaging.noarch                                          1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-metno.noarch                                              0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mido.noarch                                               1.2.9-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-migrate.noarch                                            0.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mimeparse.noarch                                          1.6.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-minidb.noarch                                             2.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-minidump.noarch                                           0.0.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-minikerberos.noarch                                       0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-miniupnpc.x86_64                                          2.2.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mistune.x86_64                                            0.8.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mlt.x86_64                                                6.24.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mmtf.noarch                                               1.1.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mock.noarch                                               2.0.0-11.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-mockito.noarch                                            1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mod_wsgi.x86_64                                           4.6.4-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
python3-moksha-common.noarch                                      1.2.5-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-moksha-hub.noarch                                         1.5.17-10.el8                                                     epel      
python3-mongomock.noarch                                          3.20.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mongoquery.noarch                                         1.3.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-monotonic.noarch                                          1.5-7.el8                                                         epel      
python3-more-itertools.noarch                                     7.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mozilla-django-oidc.noarch                                1.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mpi4py-mpich.x86_64                                       3.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mpi4py-openmpi.x86_64                                     3.0.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mpich.x86_64                                              3.4.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-mrack-aws.noarch                                          1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mrack-beaker.noarch                                       1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mrack-openstack.noarch                                    1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mrack-podman.noarch                                       1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mrack-virt.noarch                                         1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mracklib.noarch                                           1.15.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-msal.noarch                                               1.23.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-msgpack.x86_64                                            0.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-msldap.noarch                                             0.2.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-msoffcrypto.noarch                                        4.11.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-mujson.noarch                                             1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-mulpyplexer.noarch                                        0.08-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-multi_key_dict.noarch                                     2.0.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-multidict.x86_64                                          4.7.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-multilib.noarch                                           1.2-10.el8                                                        epel      
python3-munch.noarch                                              2.3.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-munkres.noarch                                            1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mypy_extensions.noarch                                    0.4.3-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mysql.x86_64                                              1.4.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mysql-debug.x86_64                                        1.4.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mysqlclient.x86_64                                        1.4.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-mystrom.noarch                                            2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nagiosplugin.noarch                                       1.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nanoid.noarch                                             2.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-natlas-libnmap.noarch                                     0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-natsort.noarch                                            7.1.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ncclient.noarch                                           0.6.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ndg_httpsclient.noarch                                    0.5.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-neovim.noarch                                             0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nessus-file-reader.noarch                                 0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-netaddr.noarch                                            0.7.19-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-netapp-lib.noarch                                         2021.6.25-1.el8                                                   epel      
python3-netcdf4.x86_64                                            1.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-netdata.noarch                                            0.1.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-netifaces.x86_64                                          0.10.6-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-networkx.noarch                                           1.11-16.1.el8                                                     AppStream 
python3-networkx-core.noarch                                      1.11-16.1.el8                                                     AppStream 
python3-newt.x86_64                                               0.52.20-11.el8                                                    AppStream 
python3-nftables.x86_64                                           1:0.9.3-26.an8                                                    BaseOS    
python3-niapy.noarch                                              2.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nine.noarch                                               1.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nispor.noarch                                             1.2.10-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-nitrate.noarch                                            1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nmap.noarch                                               0.6.1-15.el8                                                      epel      
python3-nordugrid-arc.x86_64                                      6.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-nose.noarch                                               1.3.7-31.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python3-nose-cover3.noarch                                        0.1.0-28.el8                                                      epel      
python3-nose-timer.noarch                                         0.7.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-nose2.noarch                                              0.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-notify2.noarch                                            0.3.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-notmuch.x86_64                                            0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-notmuch2.x86_64                                           0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-nptyping.noarch                                           1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-npyscreen.noarch                                          4.10.5-8.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ns1-python.noarch                                         0.15.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ntlm-auth.noarch                                          1.5.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ntplib.noarch                                             0.3.3-10.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-nudepy.x86_64                                             0.4-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-nuheat.noarch                                             0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-numexpr.x86_64                                            2.7.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-numpy.x86_64                                              1:1.14.3-10.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
python3-numpy-doc.noarch                                          1:1.14.3-10.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                                         1:1.14.3-10.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
python3-numpydoc.noarch                                           0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-oauth2client.noarch                                       4.1.3-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-oauthlib.noarch                                           2.1.0-1.el8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-odfpy.noarch                                              1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ogr.noarch                                                0.40.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-olefile.noarch                                            0.46-4.el8                                                        epel      
python3-oletools.noarch                                           0.56.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-omnilogic.noarch                                          0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-openbabel.x86_64                                          3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
python3-opendata-transport.noarch                                 0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-openid.noarch                                             3.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-openid-cla.noarch                                         1.2-11.el8.1                                                      epel      
python3-openid-teams.noarch                                       1.1-14.el8.1                                                      epel      
python3-openidc-client.noarch                                     0.6.0-4.20180605gitcd8d91c.el8                                    epel      
python3-openimageio.x86_64                                        2.1.20.0-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-openipmi.x86_64                                           2.0.32-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-openmpi.x86_64                                            1:4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
python3-openpyxl.noarch                                           3.0.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-opensearch-py.noarch                                      2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-opensensemap-api.noarch                                   0.1.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-openshift.noarch                                          1:0.11.2-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-openslide.x86_64                                          1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-opentracing.noarch                                        2.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-opentrep.x86_64                                           0.07.11-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-ordered-set.noarch                                        2.0.2-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-osbuild.noarch                                            81-1.0.1.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-osrf-pycommon.noarch                                      2.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-otf2.x86_64                                               2.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
python3-outcome.noarch                                            1.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-packaging.noarch                                          16.8-9.el8                                                        AppStream 
python3-packit.noarch                                             0.59.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pagure-messages.noarch                                    0.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-paho-mqtt.noarch                                          1.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pam.noarch                                                1.8.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pamela.noarch                                             0.3.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pandas.x86_64                                             0.25.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-parameterized.noarch                                      0.6.1-6.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-paramiko.noarch                                           2.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-parse.noarch                                              1.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-parse_type.noarch                                         0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-parsedatetime.noarch                                      2.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-parso.noarch                                              0.5.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-passlib.noarch                                            1.7.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-paste.noarch                                              3.0.8-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-paste-deploy.noarch                                       2.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-paste-script.noarch                                       3.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-path.noarch                                               11.5.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pathspec.noarch                                           0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pbr.noarch                                                5.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pcapy.x86_64                                              0.11.5-8.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pcodedmp.noarch                                           1.2.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pcp.x86_64                                                5.3.7-17.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-pdfminer.noarch                                           20220319-2.el8                                                    epel      
python3-pecan.noarch                                              1.3.2-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-peewee.x86_64                                             3.14.10-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-pefile.noarch                                             2023.2.7-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-pendulum.x86_64                                           2.0.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pep562.noarch                                             1.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pep8-naming.noarch                                        0.11.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-perf.x86_64                                               4.18.0-477.27.1.0.1.an8                                           BaseOS    
python3-periodictable.noarch                                      1.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-petsc-mpich.x86_64                                        3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-petsc-openmpi.x86_64                                      3.16.0-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-pexpect.noarch                                            4.3.1-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pg8000.noarch                                             1.16.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pgpdump.noarch                                            1.2.12-12.el8                                                     epel      
python3-pgspecial.noarch                                          1.13.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pickleshare.noarch                                        0.7.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pid.noarch                                                2.1.1-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pika.noarch                                               1.0.1-3.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-pillow.x86_64                                             5.1.1-18.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pillow-devel.x86_64                                       5.1.1-18.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pillow-doc.noarch                                         5.1.1-18.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                                          5.1.1-18.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pkgconfig.noarch                                          1.5.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pkginfo.noarch                                            1.5.0.1-6.el8                                                     epel      
python3-plaintable.noarch                                         0.1.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-plaster.noarch                                            0.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
python3-plaster-pastedeploy.noarch                                0.7-1.el8.1                                                       epel      
python3-pluggy.noarch                                             0.6.0-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pluginlib.noarch                                          0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-plugnplay.noarch                                          0.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ply.noarch                                                3.9-9.an8                                                         BaseOS    
python3-podman.noarch                                             4.4.1-1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                             AppStream 
python3-polib.noarch                                              1.0.7-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-portend.noarch                                            2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-portmidi.x86_64                                           217-30.el8                                                        epel      
python3-poyo.noarch                                               0.4.1-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-prefixed.noarch                                           0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-prelude.x86_64                                            5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-prelude-correlator.x86_64                                 5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-preludedb.x86_64                                          5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-preprocess.noarch                                         2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pretend.noarch                                            1.0.8-15.el8                                                      epel      
python3-prettytable.noarch                                        0.7.2-14.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-prewikka.x86_64                                           5.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-prewikka-updatedb.noarch                                  5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-priority.noarch                                           1.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-productivity.noarch                                       0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-productmd.noarch                                          1.11-3.el8                                                        AppStream 
python3-profilehooks.noarch                                       1.11.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-progress.noarch                                           1.6-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-progressbar2.noarch                                       3.53.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-prometheus_client.noarch                                  0.13.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-prometheus_client+twisted.noarch                          0.13.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-promise.noarch                                            2.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-prompt-toolkit.noarch                                     2.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-protobuf.noarch                                           3.5.0-15.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-psutil.x86_64                                             5.4.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                                           2.7.5-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                                         0.5.2-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pungi.noarch                                              4.1.38-1.el8.2                                                    epel      
python3-pure-protobuf.noarch                                      2.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pvc.noarch                                                0.3.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pwncat.noarch                                             0.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pwntools.noarch                                           4.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pwquality.x86_64                                          1.4.4-6.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
python3-py.noarch                                                 1.5.3-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-py-radix.x86_64                                           0.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-py27hash.noarch                                           1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-py3dns.noarch                                             3.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-py3nvml.noarch                                            0.2.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-py3nvml-doc.noarch                                        0.2.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyModbusTCP.noarch                                        0.1.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                                          19.0.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pyaff.x86_64                                              3.7.18-8.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pyaib.noarch                                              2.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyarlo.noarch                                             0.2.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                             0.3.7-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                                     0.3.7-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pyatspi.noarch                                            2.26.0-6.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pybalboa.noarch                                           0.10-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-pycares.x86_64                                            3.1.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pycdio.x86_64                                             2.0.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pycodestyle.noarch                                        2.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pycoingecko.noarch                                        1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pycomm3.noarch                                            0.10.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pycosat.x86_64                                            0.6.3-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pycparser.noarch                                          2.14-14.el8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-pycryptodomex.x86_64                                      3.10.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                             7.43.0.2-4.el8                                                    AppStream 
python3-pycxx-devel.noarch                                        7.1.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pydbus.noarch                                             0.6.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pydocstyle.noarch                                         6.0.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pydot.noarch                                              1.2.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyelftools.noarch                                         0.27-5.el8                                                        epel      
python3-pyemby.noarch                                             1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pyev.x86_64                                               0.9.0-0.13.20130610gite31d137.el8                                 epel      
python3-pyface.noarch                                             6.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyface-qt.noarch                                          6.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyfakefs.noarch                                           4.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyflakes.noarch                                           2.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyftdi.noarch                                             0.51.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pygame.x86_64                                             2.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyghmi.noarch                                             1.5.29-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pygit2.x86_64                                             0.26.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pygithub.noarch                                           1.54.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pygments.noarch                                           2.2.0-22.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python3-pygments-pytest.noarch                                    1.2.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pygraphviz.x86_64                                         1.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pygrib.x86_64                                             2.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyhcl.noarch                                              0.3.13-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pyi2cflash.noarch                                         0.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyicu.x86_64                                              2.9-3.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pyiqvia.noarch                                            0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pykdl.x86_64                                              1.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pykwalify.noarch                                          1.7.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pylast.noarch                                             3.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pylero.noarch                                             0.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pylibacl.x86_64                                           0.5.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pylibravatar.noarch                                       1.6-20.el8                                                        epel      
python3-pylint.noarch                                             2.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pymediainfo.noarch                                        4.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pymeeus.noarch                                            0.3.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pymilter.x86_64                                           1.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pymod2pkg.noarch                                          0.17.1-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pymongo.x86_64                                            3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                         AppStream 
python3-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                                     3.7.0-1.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                         AppStream 
python3-pymssql.x86_64                                            2.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pynacl.x86_64                                             1.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pynetbox.noarch                                           6.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyngus.noarch                                             2.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pynuvo.noarch                                             0.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pyodbc.x86_64                                             4.0.30-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pyopengl.x86_64                                           3.1.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyopengl-tk.noarch                                        3.1.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyotgw.noarch                                             1.0b1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyparted.x86_64                                           1:3.11.7-4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
python3-pypcapkit.noarch                                          0.14.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pypck.noarch                                              0.7.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyperclip.noarch                                          1.8.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyproj.x86_64                                             2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyproj-doc.noarch                                         2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                                          4.19.25-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-pyquery.noarch                                            1.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyramid.noarch                                            1.10.4-1.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-pyramid-fas-openid.noarch                                 0.3.9-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyramid-mako.noarch                                       1.0.2-9.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-pyrfc3339.noarch                                          1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pyroute2.noarch                                           0.5.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                                         0.17.3-6.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pysaml2.noarch                                            6.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyscard.x86_64                                            1.9.7-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pyserial.noarch                                           3.1.1-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pyserial-asyncio.noarch                                   0.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pyshp.noarch                                              2.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pysignals.noarch                                          0.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pysmb.noarch                                              1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pysmt.noarch                                              0.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pysnmp.noarch                                             4.4.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pysol-cards.noarch                                        0.14.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pyspf.noarch                                              2.0.14-8.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pyspiflash.noarch                                         0.6.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pysqueezebox.noarch                                       0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pystalk.noarch                                            0.5.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pystemd.x86_64                                            0.13.2-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pysvn.x86_64                                              1.9.17-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pytapo.noarch                                             0.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
python3-pytest.noarch                                             3.4.2-11.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pytest-aiohttp.noarch                                     0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-arraydiff.noarch                                   0.3-6.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pytest-astropy.noarch                                     0.5.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-asyncio.noarch                                     0.10.0-1.el8.2                                                    epel      
python3-pytest-benchmark.noarch                                   3.1.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-catchlog.noarch                                    1.2.2-15.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pytest-cov.noarch                                         1:2.6.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-pytest-doctestplus.noarch                                 1:0.5.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-pytest-env.noarch                                         0.6.2^20170617gitafb13a0-2.el8                                    epel      
python3-pytest-forked.noarch                                      1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-httpbin.noarch                                     1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-mock.noarch                                        1.10.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pytest-multihost.noarch                                   3.0-10.el8                                                        epel      
python3-pytest-openfiles.noarch                                   1:0.4.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-pytest-randomly.noarch                                    3.4.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-remotedata.noarch                                  0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-repeat.noarch                                      0.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-rerunfailures.noarch                               4.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pytest-runner.noarch                                      4.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pytest-smartcov.noarch                                    0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-pytest-sourceorder.noarch                                 0.5-17.el8                                                        epel      
python3-pytest-timeout.noarch                                     1.2.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-tornado.noarch                                     0.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pytest-xdist.noarch                                       1:1.24.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-pythia8.x86_64                                            8.3.09-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pytoml.noarch                                             0.1.14-5.git7dea353.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-pytz.noarch                                               2017.2-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pyudev.noarch                                             0.21.0-7.el8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                              1.0.0-9.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                           AppStream 
python3-pyverbs.x86_64                                            44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
python3-pyvlx.noarch                                              0.2.17-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-pyvmomi.noarch                                            7.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pywbem.noarch                                             0.11.0-8.el8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-pywizlight.noarch                                         0.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyxattr.x86_64                                            0.5.3-18.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                              0.25-16.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-pyxs.noarch                                               0.4.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-pyzabbix.noarch                                           1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-qpid-proton.x86_64                                        0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-qrcode.noarch                                             5.1-12.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                              AppStream 
python3-qrcode-core.noarch                                        5.1-12.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                              AppStream 
python3-qrcodegen.noarch                                          1.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                     2.11.2-6.el8                                                      epel      
python3-qscintilla-qt5-devel.noarch                               2.11.2-6.el8                                                      epel      
python3-qt5.x86_64                                                5.15.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                                           5.15.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-qt5-devel.x86_64                                          5.15.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-qt5-webkit.x86_64                                         5.15.0-3.0.1.el8                                                  epel      
python3-queuelib.noarch                                           1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rak811.noarch                                             0.7.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-random2.noarch                                            1.0.1-24.el8                                                      epel      
python3-rangeparser.noarch                                        0.1.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ratelimitingfilter.noarch                                 1.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-raven.noarch                                              6.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-rcssmin.x86_64                                            1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rdflib.noarch                                             4.2.1-9.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-rdopkg.noarch                                             1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-re-assert.noarch                                          1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-readlike.noarch                                           0.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-readme_renderer.noarch                                    24.0-3.el8                                                        epel      
python3-recommonmark.noarch                                       0.6.0-3.git.el8                                                   epel      
python3-redis.noarch                                              3.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-regenmaschine.noarch                                      2.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-regex.x86_64                                              2023.6.3-1.el8                                                    epel      
python3-registry.noarch                                           1.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-remctl.x86_64                                             3.17-4.el8                                                        epel      
python3-remoto.noarch                                             1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rencode.x86_64                                            1.0.6-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-reparser.noarch                                           1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-repomd.noarch                                             0.2.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-reportlab.x86_64                                          3.4.0-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-repoze-lru.noarch                                         0.7-6.el8                                                         epel      
python3-repoze-tm2.noarch                                         2.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-repoze-who.noarch                                         2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-repoze-who-plugins-sa.noarch                              1.0.1-27.20160106gite1a36c5.el8                                   epel      
python3-requests-cache.noarch                                     0.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-requests-file.noarch                                      1.4.3-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                                       0.3.1-11.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                                    1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-requests-kerberos.noarch                                  0.12.0-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-requests-mock.noarch                                      1.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                                  1.0.0-1.el8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-requests-pkcs12.noarch                                    1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-requests-toolbelt.noarch                                  0.9.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-requests-unixsocket.noarch                                0.1.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-requests_ntlm.noarch                                      1.1.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-resalloc.noarch                                           5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-responses.noarch                                          0.10.5-1.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-resultsdb_api.noarch                                      2.1.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rfc3986.noarch                                            1.4.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rfc3987.noarch                                            1.3.7-15.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ring-doorbell.noarch                                      0.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rmol.x86_64                                               1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-robosignatory.noarch                                      0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-root.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-rosdep.noarch                                             0.22.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-rosdistro.noarch                                          0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rosinstall_generator.noarch                               0.1.23-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-rospkg.noarch                                             1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-routes.noarch                                             2.4.1-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-rpkg.noarch                                               1.66-11.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                                     5-8.an8                                                           AppStream 
python3-rpm-head-signing.x86_64                                   1.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rpmconf.noarch                                            1.1.7-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-rpmconf-doc.noarch                                        1.1.7-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-rpmfluff.noarch                                           0.5.7.1-2.el8                                                     AppStream 
python3-rpyc.noarch                                               4.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rq.noarch                                                 1.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-rrdtool.x86_64                                            1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-rsa.noarch                                                4.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-rst-linker.noarch                                         1.11-4.el8                                                        epel      
python3-rtmidi.x86_64                                             1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rtree.noarch                                              0.9.7-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rtslib.noarch                                             2.1.75-4.an8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-ruamel-yaml.x86_64                                        0.17.21-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-ruamel-yaml-clib.x86_64                                   0.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-rx.noarch                                                 3.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-s3transfer.noarch                                         0.3.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-samba.x86_64                                              4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                                           4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-samba-devel.x86_64                                        4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
python3-samba-test.x86_64                                         4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
python3-saml.noarch                                               1.9.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sanlock.x86_64                                            3.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-satyr.x86_64                                              0.26-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-scanless.noarch                                           2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-scapy.noarch                                              2.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-schedule.noarch                                           0.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-schedutils.x86_64                                         0.6-6.el8                                                         BaseOS    
python3-schema.noarch                                             0.7.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-scipy.x86_64                                              1.0.0-21.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python3-scitokens.noarch                                          1.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-scons.noarch                                              3.1.2-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
python3-scp.noarch                                                0.14.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-scramp.noarch                                             1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-secretstorage.noarch                                      3.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-secretstorage-doc.noarch                                  3.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-secure_cookie.noarch                                      0.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-selenium.noarch                                           3.12.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-semantic_version.noarch                                   2.6.0-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-semver.noarch                                             2.13.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-send2trash.noarch                                         1.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sentencepiece.x86_64                                      0.1.92-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-sentinels.noarch                                          1.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-serpent.noarch                                            1.30.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-service-identity.noarch                                   18.1.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-setproctitle.x86_64                                       1.1.10-17.el8                                                     epel      
python3-setuptools-gettext.noarch                                 0.1.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-setuptools_scm.noarch                                     1.15.7-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
python3-setuptools_scm_git_archive.noarch                         1.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-sgmllib3k.noarch                                          1.0.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sh.noarch                                                 1.12.14-16.el8                                                    epel      
python3-shapely.x86_64                                            1.7.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-shelly.noarch                                             0.2.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-shodan.noarch                                             1.23.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-should_dsl.noarch                                         2.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sieve.noarch                                              0.1.9-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-simplegeneric.noarch                                      0.8.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-simpleline.noarch                                         1.1.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-simpleline-doc.noarch                                     1.1.3-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
python3-simplemediawiki.noarch                                    1.2.0-0.18.b2.el8                                                 epel      
python3-simplevisor.noarch                                        1.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-singledispatch.noarch                                     3.4.0.3-18.el8                                                    epel      
python3-sip-devel.x86_64                                          4.19.25-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-sipvicious.noarch                                         0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-slacker.noarch                                            0.13.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-slacker-doc.noarch                                        0.13.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-slip.noarch                                               0.6.4-13.an8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                                          0.6.4-13.an8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-slixmpp.x86_64                                            1.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-slowloris.noarch                                          0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-slugify.noarch                                            4.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-smart-gardena.noarch                                      0.7.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-smi.noarch                                                0.3.4-9.el8                                                       epel      
python3-smmap.noarch                                              3.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-snappy.x86_64                                             0.5.4-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-snaptime.noarch                                           0.2.4-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sniffio.noarch                                            1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-snipeit.noarch                                            1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-snowballstemmer.noarch                                    1.2.1-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-snuggs.noarch                                             1.4.7-11.el8                                                      epel      
python3-socialscan.noarch                                         1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-socks5line.noarch                                         0.0.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-solv.x86_64                                               0.7.20-4.an8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-sortedcontainers.noarch                                   2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-speaklater.noarch                                         1.3-19.el8                                                        epel      
python3-spec.noarch                                               1.4.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-specfile.noarch                                           0.22.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-speechd.x86_64                                            0.8.8-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-sphinx.noarch                                             1:1.7.6-3.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-sphinx-argparse.noarch                                    0.2.2-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-sphinx-bootstrap-theme.noarch                             0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinx-notfound-page.noarch                               0.4-5.el8                                                         epel      
python3-sphinx-removed-in.noarch                                  0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinx-testing.noarch                                     1.0.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinx-theme-alabaster.noarch                             0.7.9-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-sphinx-theme-py3doc-enhanced.noarch                       2.3.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-sphinx_ansible_theme.noarch                               0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinx_lv2_theme.noarch                                   1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinx_rtd_theme.noarch                                   0.3.1-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-sphinxcontrib-asyncio.noarch                              0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinxcontrib-trio.noarch                                 1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sphinxcontrib-websupport.noarch                           1.0.1-10.20180316git.el8                                          AppStream 
python3-spnego.noarch                                             0.1.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-spur.noarch                                               0.3.22-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                                         1.3.2-2.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                             AppStream 
python3-sqlalchemy_schemadisplay.noarch                           1.3-8.el8                                                         epel      
python3-sqlparse.noarch                                           0.2.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-ssdp.noarch                                               1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sseclient.noarch                                          0.0.26-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-sseclient-py.noarch                                       1.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-sss.x86_64                                                2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                                         2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                                         2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-stackprinter.noarch                                       0.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-stdiomask.noarch                                          0.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-stem.noarch                                               1.8.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-stevedore.noarch                                          3.5.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-stomper.noarch                                            0.4.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-stomppy.noarch                                            5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-straight-plugin.noarch                                    1.5.0-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-strict-rfc3339.noarch                                     0.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-strictyaml.noarch                                         1.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-string_utils.noarch                                       0.6.0-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-subarulink.noarch                                         0.3.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-subunit.noarch                                            1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-subunit-test.noarch                                       1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-subvertpy.x86_64                                          0.10.1-11.el8                                                     epel      
python3-suds.noarch                                               0.7-0.11.94664ddd46a6.an8                                         AppStream 
python3-sure.noarch                                               1.4.0-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-sushy.noarch                                              1.3.1-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-svgwrite.noarch                                           1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-swagger-spec-validator.noarch                             2.7.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sword.x86_64                                              1.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
python3-sybil.noarch                                              1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-sysv_ipc.x86_64                                           1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tables.x86_64                                             3.5.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tablib.noarch                                             3.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tabulate.noarch                                           0.8.10-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-talloc.x86_64                                             2.3.4-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-tambo.noarch                                              0.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
python3-tasmotadevicecontroller.noarch                            0.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tbb.x86_64                                                2018.2-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-tbtrim.noarch                                             0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tcxparser.noarch                                          1.1.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tdb.x86_64                                                1.4.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
python3-tempita.noarch                                            0.5.1-22.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-templated-dictionary.noarch                               1.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-tempora.noarch                                            1.14.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-termcolor.noarch                                          1.1.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
python3-test.x86_64                                               3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                BaseOS    
python3-testcloud.noarch                                          0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-testing.common.database.noarch                            2.0.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-testing.postgresql.noarch                                 1.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-testpath.noarch                                           0.6.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-testrepository.noarch                                     0.0.20-30.el8                                                     epel      
python3-testscenarios.noarch                                      0.5.0-18.el8                                                      epel      
python3-testslide.noarch                                          2.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-testtools.noarch                                          2.4.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tevent.x86_64                                             0.13.0-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-text-unidecode.noarch                                     1.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-textparser.noarch                                         0.23.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-texttable.noarch                                          1.6.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-textwrap3.noarch                                          0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-thrift.x86_64                                             0.13.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-timeout-decorator.noarch                                  0.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tinycss2.noarch                                           1.0.2-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tkinter.x86_64                                            3.6.8-51.0.1.an8.1                                                AppStream 
python3-tkrzw.x86_64                                              0.1.30-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-tld.noarch                                                0.11.10-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-tldextract.noarch                                         2.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tmt.noarch                                                1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-toml.noarch                                               0.10.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-tomli.noarch                                              1.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tomli-w.noarch                                            0.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-toolz.noarch                                              0.10.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-tornado.x86_64                                            6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tox.noarch                                                3.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tqdm.noarch                                               4.50.2-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-tracer.noarch                                             0.7.5-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
python3-trademgen.x86_64                                          1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-traitlets.noarch                                          4.3.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-transaction.noarch                                        3.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-translationstring.noarch                                  1.3-9.el8                                                         epel      
python3-translitcodec.noarch                                      0.7.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tre.x86_64                                                0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                                   epel      
python3-tree-format.noarch                                        0.1.2-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-treq.noarch                                               18.6.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-trio.noarch                                               0.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-trololio.noarch                                           1.0-4.el8                                                         epel      
python3-trustme.noarch                                            0.6.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tubes.noarch                                              0.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tw2-core.noarch                                           2.2.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-tw2-forms.noarch                                          2.2.6-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-twisted.x86_64                                            19.10.0-4.el8                                                     epel      
python3-txaio.noarch                                              18.8.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
python3-txws.noarch                                               0.9.1-20.el8                                                      epel      
python3-txzmq.noarch                                              0.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-typed_ast.x86_64                                          1.4.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
python3-typedecorator.noarch                                      0.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-typeguard.noarch                                          2.13.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ujson.x86_64                                              2.0-0.2.20170206git2f1d487.el8                                    epel      
python3-unicodecsv.noarch                                         0.14.1-23.el8                                                     epel      
python3-unidecode.noarch                                          1.2.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-unidiff.noarch                                            0.7.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-unipath.noarch                                            1.1-16.el8                                                        epel      
python3-unittest2.noarch                                          1.1.0-16.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-uptime.x86_64                                             3.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-uritemplate.noarch                                        3.0.0-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-urlbuster.noarch                                          0.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-urlgrabber.noarch                                         4.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-urllib-gssapi.noarch                                      1.0.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-urwid.x86_64                                              1.3.1-4.el8                                                       BaseOS    
python3-utils.noarch                                              2.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-uwsgidecorators.x86_64                                    2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-validators.noarch                                         0.14.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-vapoursynth.x86_64                                        51-1.el8                                                          epel      
python3-varlink.noarch                                            29.0.0-1.el8                                                      BaseOS    
python3-vconnector.noarch                                         0.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-vcrpy.noarch                                              4.1.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
python3-vcstool.noarch                                            0.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-vcstools.noarch                                           0.1.42-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-vecrec.noarch                                             0.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-velbus.noarch                                             2.0.46-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-venusian.noarch                                           1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-verboselogs.noarch                                        1.7-5.el8                                                         epel      
python3-vertica.noarch                                            1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-vici.noarch                                               5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-vine.noarch                                               1.3.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python3-virt-firmware.noarch                                      23.9-3.el8                                                        epel      
python3-virt-firmware-tests.noarch                                23.9-3.el8                                                        epel      
python3-virtualenv.noarch                                         15.1.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11079+1f0a86ec                           AppStream 
python3-virtualenv-clone.noarch                                   0.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-volkszaehler.noarch                                       0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-voluptuous.noarch                                         0.11.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-voluptuous-serialize.noarch                               2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-volvooncall.noarch                                        0.8.12-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3-vsure.noarch                                              1.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-vtk.x86_64                                                9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-vtk-mpich.x86_64                                          9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-vtk-openmpi.x86_64                                        9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
python3-waitress.noarch                                           1.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-waqiasync.noarch                                          1.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-wcmatch.noarch                                            8.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-wcwidth.noarch                                            0.2.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-webcolors.noarch                                          1.11.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-webob.noarch                                              1.8.5-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
python3-webpy.noarch                                              0.61-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-websocket-client.noarch                                   0.56.0-5.el8                                                      epel      
python3-websockets.x86_64                                         9.1-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-websockify.noarch                                         0.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-webtest.noarch                                            2.0.33-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-webthing-ws.noarch                                        0.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-werkzeug.noarch                                           0.12.2-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
python3-whatever.noarch                                           0.6-3.el8                                                         epel      
python3-wheel.noarch                                              1:0.31.1-3.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                          AppStream 
python3-wheel-wheel.noarch                                        1:0.31.1-3.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                          AppStream 
python3-whichcraft.noarch                                         0.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-whisper.noarch                                            1.1.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-whitenoise.noarch                                         5.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-whitenoise-doc.noarch                                     5.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-whoosh.noarch                                             2.7.4-9.el8                                                       AppStream 
python3-wiffi.noarch                                              1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-winacl.noarch                                             0.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-winrm.noarch                                              0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-winsspi.noarch                                            0.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-wrapt.x86_64                                              1.11.2-4.el8                                                      epel      
python3-ws4py.noarch                                              0.5.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-wsaccel.x86_64                                            0.6.2-20.el8                                                      epel      
python3-wtforms.noarch                                            2.2.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-wtforms-sqlalchemy.noarch                                 0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-wx-siplib.x86_64                                          4.19.25-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
python3-wxpython4.x86_64                                          4.0.7-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-wxpython4-media.x86_64                                    4.0.7-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-wxpython4-webview.x86_64                                  4.0.7-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-x2go.noarch                                               0.6.1.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
python3-xapian.x86_64                                             1.4.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-xapp.noarch                                               2.2.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xcffib.noarch                                             0.11.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-xlib.noarch                                               0.33-2.el8                                                        epel      
python3-xlrd.noarch                                               1.2.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xlsxwriter.noarch                                         3.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xlwt.noarch                                               1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xmlsec.x86_64                                             1.3.3-7.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xmltodict.noarch                                          0.12.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
python3-xpath-expressions.noarch                                  1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xrootd.x86_64                                             1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
python3-xvfbwrapper.noarch                                        0.2.9-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-xxhash.x86_64                                             2.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-yara.x86_64                                               4.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-yarl.x86_64                                               1.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-yaswfp.noarch                                             0.9.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-yattag.noarch                                             1.14.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-yubico.noarch                                             1.3.2-9.1.module+an8.8.0+11063+69aa3411                           AppStream 
python3-yubikey-manager.noarch                                    3.1.2-1.20210122gitba049e1.el8                                    epel      
python3-zanata-client.noarch                                      1.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zbar.x86_64                                               0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
python3-zc-lockfile.noarch                                        2.0-2.el8                                                         epel      
python3-zeep.noarch                                               3.4.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zinnia.x86_64                                             0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zipp.noarch                                               0.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zipstream.noarch                                          1.1.4-17.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zm.noarch                                                 0.5.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zmq.x86_64                                                19.0.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zmq-tests.x86_64                                          19.0.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zope-component.noarch                                     4.3.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zope-configuration.noarch                                 4.0.3-15.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zope-deprecation.noarch                                   4.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zope-event.noarch                                         4.2.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zope-exceptions.noarch                                    4.0.8-12.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-zope-hookable.x86_64                                      5.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zope-i18nmessageid.x86_64                                 4.0.3-14.el8.1                                                    epel      
python3-zope-interface.x86_64                                     4.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zope-schema.noarch                                        4.4.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zope-sqlalchemy.noarch                                    1.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
python3-zope-testing.noarch                                       4.6.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
python3-zstandard.x86_64                                          0.15.2-3.el8                                                      epel      
python3-zxcvbn.noarch                                             4.4.28-2.el8                                                      epel      
python3.11-dns.noarch                                             2.2.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-jmespath.noarch                                        1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-kerberos.x86_64                                        1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-mirrors-countme.noarch                                 0.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-netaddr.noarch                                         0.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-ntlm-auth.noarch                                       1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-requests_ntlm.noarch                                   1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-rpm.x86_64                                             4.14.3-26.1.el8                                                   epel      
python3.11-spnego.noarch                                          0.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-winrm.noarch                                           0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python3.11-xmltodict.noarch                                       0.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python36-debug.x86_64                                             3.6.8-38.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python36-devel.x86_64                                             3.6.8-38.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python36-rpm-macros.noarch                                        3.6.8-38.module+an8.7.0+10991+5846f372                            AppStream 
python38.x86_64                                                   3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-Cython.x86_64                                            0.29.14-4.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                           AppStream 
python38-PyMySQL.noarch                                           0.10.1-1.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-asn1crypto.noarch                                        1.2.0-3.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-babel.noarch                                             2.7.0-11.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-cffi.x86_64                                              1.13.2-3.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-chardet.noarch                                           3.0.4-19.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-click.noarch                                             8.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-cryptography.x86_64                                      2.8-3.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                               AppStream 
python38-dateutil.noarch                                          2.8.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-dateutil-epel-doc.noarch                                 2.8.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-debug.x86_64                                             3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-devel.x86_64                                             3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-freezegun.noarch                                         1.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-git-revise.noarch                                        0.7.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
python38-hvac.noarch                                              0.11.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python38-hypothesis.noarch                                        4.54.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python38-idle.x86_64                                              3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-idna.noarch                                              2.8-6.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                               AppStream 
python38-itsdangerous.noarch                                      2.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python38-jinja2.noarch                                            2.11.3-1.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-jmespath.noarch                                          0.10.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python38-jsonschema.noarch                                        3.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-ldap.x86_64                                              3.4.3-1                                                           epel      
python38-libs.x86_64                                              3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-lxml.x86_64                                              4.4.1-7.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-markupsafe.x86_64                                        1.1.1-6.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-mod_wsgi.x86_64                                          4.6.8-4.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                             AppStream 
python38-netaddr.noarch                                           0.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-netaddr-shell.noarch                                     0.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-ntlm-auth.noarch                                         1.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-numpy.x86_64                                             1.17.3-6.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                        AppStream 
python38-numpy-doc.noarch                                         1.17.3-6.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                        AppStream 
python38-numpy-f2py.x86_64                                        1.17.3-6.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                        AppStream 
python38-pip.noarch                                               19.3.1-6.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                        AppStream 
python38-pip-wheel.noarch                                         19.3.1-6.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                        AppStream 
python38-ply.noarch                                               3.11-10.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-psutil.x86_64                                            5.6.4-4.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-psycopg2.x86_64                                          2.8.4-4.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                                      2.8.4-4.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                                    2.8.4-4.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-pyasn1.noarch                                            0.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python38-pyasn1-epel-doc.noarch                                   0.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python38-pyasn1-modules.noarch                                    0.4.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
python38-pycparser.noarch                                         2.19-3.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                              AppStream 
python38-pynetbox.noarch                                          6.6.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
python38-pyrsistent.x86_64                                        0.17.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
python38-pyrsistent-epel-doc.noarch                               0.17.3-2.el8                                                      epel      
python38-pysocks.noarch                                           1.7.1-4.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-pytest-runner.noarch                                     4.0-2.el8                                                         epel      
python38-pytz.noarch                                              2019.3-3.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-pyyaml.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                             AppStream 
python38-radicale3.noarch                                         3.1.8-54.el8                                                      epel      
python38-requests.noarch                                          2.22.0-9.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-requests_ntlm.noarch                                     1.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-resolvelib.noarch                                        0.5.4-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
python38-rpm-macros.noarch                                        3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-scipy.x86_64                                             1.3.1-4.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                         AppStream 
python38-setuptools.noarch                                        41.6.0-5.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-setuptools-wheel.noarch                                  41.6.0-5.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-setuptools_scm.noarch                                    5.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-six.noarch                                               1.12.0-10.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                           AppStream 
python38-test.x86_64                                              3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-textfsm.noarch                                           1.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-tkinter.x86_64                                           3.8.16-2.module+an8.8.0+11059+076a031d                            AppStream 
python38-toml.noarch                                              0.10.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
python38-urllib3.noarch                                           1.25.7-5.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-wheel.noarch                                             0.33.6-6.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-wheel-wheel.noarch                                       0.33.6-6.module+an8.7.0+10893+1f91bb30                            AppStream 
python38-winrm.noarch                                             0.4.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
python38-xmltodict.noarch                                         0.12.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
python39.x86_64                                                   3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-PyMySQL.noarch                                           0.10.1-2.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-cffi.x86_64                                              1.14.3-2.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-chardet.noarch                                           3.0.4-19.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-click.noarch                                             8.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
python39-cryptography.x86_64                                      3.3.1-2.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                             AppStream 
python39-devel.x86_64                                             3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-dns.noarch                                               2.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-future.noarch                                            0.18.3-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
python39-idle.x86_64                                              3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-idna.noarch                                              2.10-3.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                              AppStream 
python39-jinja2.noarch                                            3.0.3-7.el8.2                                                     epel      
python39-jmespath.noarch                                          1.0.0-7.el8                                                       epel      
python39-jsonschema.noarch                                        3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-kerberos.x86_64                                          1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-ldap.x86_64                                              3.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-libs.x86_64                                              3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-lxml.x86_64                                              4.6.5-1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                             AppStream 
python39-markupsafe.x86_64                                        2.1.1-4.el8.2                                                     epel      
python39-mod_wsgi.x86_64                                          4.7.1-5.module+an8.7.0+11044+191b1f76                             AppStream 
python39-netaddr.noarch                                           0.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-netaddr-shell.noarch                                     0.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-ntlm-auth.noarch                                         1.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-numpy.x86_64                                             1.19.4-3.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                        AppStream 
python39-numpy-doc.noarch                                         1.19.4-3.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                        AppStream 
python39-numpy-f2py.x86_64                                        1.19.4-3.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                        AppStream 
python39-pefile.noarch                                            2022.5.30-3.el8.1                                                 epel      
python39-pip.noarch                                               20.2.4-7.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-pip-wheel.noarch                                         20.2.4-7.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-ply.noarch                                               3.11-10.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                             AppStream 
python39-psutil.x86_64                                            5.8.0-4.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                         AppStream 
python39-psycopg2.x86_64                                          2.8.6-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                         AppStream 
python39-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                                      2.8.6-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                         AppStream 
python39-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                                    2.8.6-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                         AppStream 
python39-pycparser.noarch                                         2.20-3.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                              AppStream 
python39-pyelftools.noarch                                        0.29-2.el8.2                                                      epel      
python39-pysocks.noarch                                           1.7.1-4.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                             AppStream 
python39-pyyaml.x86_64                                            5.4.1-1.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                             AppStream 
python39-requests.noarch                                          2.25.0-2.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-requests_ntlm.noarch                                     1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-rpm.x86_64                                               4.14.3-26.1.el8                                                   epel      
python39-rpm-macros.noarch                                        3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-scipy.x86_64                                             1.5.4-3.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                             AppStream 
python39-setuptools.noarch                                        50.3.2-4.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-setuptools-wheel.noarch                                  50.3.2-4.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-setuptools_scm.noarch                                    5.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-six.noarch                                               1.15.0-3.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-test.x86_64                                              3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-tkinter.x86_64                                           3.9.16-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11064+8161fd07                        AppStream 
python39-toml.noarch                                              0.10.1-5.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                            AppStream 
python39-urllib3.noarch                                           1.25.10-4.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                           AppStream 
python39-wheel.noarch                                             1:0.35.1-4.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                          AppStream 
python39-wheel-wheel.noarch                                       1:0.35.1-4.module+an8.7.0+11003+1cb50aa2                          AppStream 
python39-winrm.noarch                                             0.4.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
python39-xmltodict.noarch                                         0.12.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
python39-zstd.x86_64                                              1.4.4.1-10.el8.1                                                  epel      
pyzor.noarch                                                      1.0.0-28.20200530gitf46159b.el8                                   epel      
q4wine.x86_64                                                     1.3.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
qalculate.x86_64                                                  3.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
qalculate-gtk.x86_64                                              3.6.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
qatengine.x86_64                                                  0.6.16-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
qatengine-doc.noarch                                              0.6.16-3.an8                                                      PowerTools
qatlib.x86_64                                                     22.07.0-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
qatlib-devel.x86_64                                               22.07.0-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
qatlib-doc.noarch                                                 22.07.0-1.an8                                                     PowerTools
qatlib-tests.x86_64                                               22.07.0-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
qatzip.x86_64                                                     1.0.9-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
qatzip-devel.x86_64                                               1.0.9-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
qatzip-doc.noarch                                                 1.0.9-1.an8                                                       PowerTools
qatzip-libs.x86_64                                                1.0.9-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
qbittorrent.x86_64                                                1:4.2.5-2.el8                                                     epel      
qbittorrent-nox.x86_64                                            1:4.2.5-2.el8                                                     epel      
qca-qt5.x86_64                                                    2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-botan.x86_64                                              2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                         2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-devel.x86_64                                              2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-gcrypt.x86_64                                             2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-gnupg.x86_64                                              2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-logger.x86_64                                             2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-nss.x86_64                                                2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                                               2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-pkcs11.x86_64                                             2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qca-qt5-softstore.x86_64                                          2.3.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
qcachegrind.x86_64                                                22.04.1-2.el8                                                     epel      
qelectrotech.x86_64                                               0.90-1.el8                                                        epel      
qelectrotech-symbols.noarch                                       0.90-1.el8                                                        epel      
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                           15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                                   15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-curl.x86_64                                        15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-gluster.x86_64                                     15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-iscsi.x86_64                                       15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-rbd.x86_64                                         15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-ssh.x86_64                                         15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-common.x86_64                                            15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                              15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-docs.x86_64                                              15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-hw-usbredir.x86_64                                       15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-ui-opengl.x86_64                                         15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-kvm-ui-spice.x86_64                                          15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qemu-user-static.x86_64                                           15:6.2.0-33.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                     AppStream 
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                                             0.7.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
qgnomeplatform-doc.noarch                                         0.7.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
qgpgme.x86_64                                                     1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
qgpgme-devel.x86_64                                               1.13.1-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
qhull-devel.x86_64                                                2015.2-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
qjackctl.x86_64                                                   0.6.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
qmmp.x86_64                                                       1.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
qmmp-devel.x86_64                                                 1.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
qmmp-plugin-pack.x86_64                                           1.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
qoauth-qt5.x86_64                                                 2.0.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
qoauth-qt5-devel.x86_64                                           2.0.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
qpdf.x86_64                                                       7.1.1-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qpdf-doc.noarch                                                   7.1.1-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                                  7.1.1-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qpdfview-common.noarch                                            0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
qpdfview-qt5.x86_64                                               0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
qperf.x86_64                                                      0.4.11-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
qphotorec.x86_64                                                  7.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
qpid-dispatch-console.noarch                                      1.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-dispatch-docs.noarch                                         1.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-dispatch-router.x86_64                                       1.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-dispatch-tools.noarch                                        1.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-c.x86_64                                              0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-c-devel.x86_64                                        0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-c-docs.noarch                                         0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-cpp.x86_64                                            0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-cpp-devel.x86_64                                      0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-cpp-docs.noarch                                       0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpid-proton-tests.noarch                                          0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qpress.x86_64                                                     20220819-3.el8                                                    epel      
qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                                         5.96.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
qrencode.x86_64                                                   3.4.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
qrencode-devel.x86_64                                             3.4.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
qrencode-doc.noarch                                               3.4.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                              3.4.4-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
qrupdate.x86_64                                                   1.1.2-18.el8                                                      epel      
qrupdate-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.2-18.el8                                                      epel      
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                                             2.11.2-6.el8                                                      epel      
qscintilla-qt5-devel.x86_64                                       2.11.2-6.el8                                                      epel      
qsynth.x86_64                                                     0.9.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
qt-creator.x86_64                                                 8.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
qt-creator-data.noarch                                            8.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
qt-creator-doc.noarch                                             8.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
qt-creator-translations.noarch                                    8.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
qt-settings.noarch                                                36.1-1.el8.1                                                      epel      
qt5-assistant.x86_64                                              5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-designer.x86_64                                               5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-devel.noarch                                                  5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-doc.noarch                                                    5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                               5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                               5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                                            5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                                   5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.x86_64                                             5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qt3d-doc.noarch                                               5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qt3d-examples.x86_64                                          5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtaccountsservice.x86_64                                      0.6.0-18.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtaccountsservice-devel.x86_64                                0.6.0-18.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                                 5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                                          5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                                           5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-doc.noarch                                             5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtbase-examples.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                             5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                                           5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                                            5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-static.x86_64                                          5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d.x86_64                                             5.12.5-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d-examples.x86_64                                    5.12.5-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtcharts.x86_64                                               5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtcharts-devel.x86_64                                         5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtcharts-doc.noarch                                           5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtcharts-examples.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtconfiguration.x86_64                                        0.3.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtconfiguration-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.1-14.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                                         5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-doc.noarch                                     5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtconnectivity-examples.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtdatavis3d.x86_64                                            5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtdatavis3d-devel.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtdatavis3d-doc.noarch                                        5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtdatavis3d-examples.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                                          5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-doc.noarch                                      5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtdeclarative-examples.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-static.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                                  5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtenginio.x86_64                                              1:1.6.2-38.el8                                                    epel      
qt5-qtenginio-devel.x86_64                                        1:1.6.2-38.el8                                                    epel      
qt5-qtenginio-doc.noarch                                          1:1.6.2-38.el8                                                    epel      
qt5-qtenginio-examples.x86_64                                     1:1.6.2-38.el8                                                    epel      
qt5-qtfeedback.x86_64                                             20180903gita14bd0b-4.el8                                          epel      
qt5-qtfeedback-devel.x86_64                                       20180903gita14bd0b-4.el8                                          epel      
qt5-qtgamepad.x86_64                                              5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtgamepad-devel.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtgamepad-doc.noarch                                          5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtgamepad-examples.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects-doc.noarch                                 5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                                         5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtimageformats-doc.noarch                                     5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                             5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.x86_64                                       5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation-doc.noarch                                         5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtlocation-examples.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                                           5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-doc.noarch                                       5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtmultimedia-examples.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtnetworkauth.x86_64                                          5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtnetworkauth-devel.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtnetworkauth-examples.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtpurchasing-doc.noarch                                       5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-doc.noarch                                    5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtquickcontrols-examples.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                                       5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-devel.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-doc.noarch                                   5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-examples.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtremoteobjects.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtremoteobjects-devel.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtremoteobjects-doc.noarch                                    5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtremoteobjects-examples.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                               5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.x86_64                                         5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtscript-doc.noarch                                           5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtscript-examples.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtscxml.x86_64                                                5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtscxml-devel.x86_64                                          5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtscxml-doc.noarch                                            5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtscxml-examples.x86_64                                       5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                              5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors-doc.noarch                                          5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtsensors-examples.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtserialbus.x86_64                                            5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtserialbus-devel.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtserialbus-doc.noarch                                        5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtserialbus-examples.x86_64                                   5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                                           5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport-doc.noarch                                       5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtserialport-examples.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                                               5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtspeech-devel.x86_64                                         5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtspeech-doc.noarch                                           5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtspeech-examples.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                                       5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtstyleplugins.x86_64                                         5.0.0-47.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                                  5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                                            5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg-doc.noarch                                              5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtsvg-examples.x86_64                                         5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                                5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                                         5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                                          5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-doc.noarch                                            5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qttools-examples.x86_64                                       5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64                        5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                                      5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttools-static.x86_64                                         5.15.3-4.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                                         5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard-devel.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard-doc.noarch                                  5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard-examples.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                              5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtwayland-devel.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtwayland-doc.noarch                                          5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
qt5-qtwayland-examples.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                                           5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-doc.noarch                                       5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtwebchannel-examples.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                                            5.15.8-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
qt5-qtwebengine-devel.x86_64                                      5.15.8-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
qt5-qtwebengine-devtools.x86_64                                   5.15.8-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
qt5-qtwebengine-examples.x86_64                                   5.15.8-5.el8.1                                                    epel      
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                                               5.212.0-0.63.alpha4.el8                                           epel      
qt5-qtwebkit-devel.x86_64                                         5.212.0-0.63.alpha4.el8                                           epel      
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                                           5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-doc.noarch                                       5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtwebsockets-examples.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtwebview.x86_64                                              5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtwebview-devel.x86_64                                        5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtwebview-doc.noarch                                          5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtwebview-examples.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                                            5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtx11extras-doc.noarch                                        5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                                          5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-doc.noarch                                      5.15.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                             5.15.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
qt5-style-oxygen.x86_64                                           5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
qt5ct.x86_64                                                      1.1-8.el8                                                         epel      
qt5pas.x86_64                                                     2.6-2001201.el8                                                   epel      
qt5pas-devel.x86_64                                               2.6-2001201.el8                                                   epel      
qtiocompressor.x86_64                                             2.3.1-19.el8                                                      epel      
qtiocompressor-devel.x86_64                                       2.3.1-19.el8                                                      epel      
qtkeychain-qt5.x86_64                                             0.11.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
qtkeychain-qt5-devel.x86_64                                       0.11.1-4.el8                                                      epel      
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                                           2.4-30.20150629git5a07df5.el8                                     epel      
qtlockedfile-qt5-devel.x86_64                                     2.4-30.20150629git5a07df5.el8                                     epel      
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                                    2.6.1-37.el8                                                      epel      
qtsingleapplication-qt5-devel.x86_64                              2.6.1-37.el8                                                      epel      
qtsinglecoreapplication-qt5.x86_64                                2.6.1-37.el8                                                      epel      
qtsinglecoreapplication-qt5-devel.x86_64                          2.6.1-37.el8                                                      epel      
quantum-espresso.x86_64                                           6.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
quantum-espresso-mpich.x86_64                                     6.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
quantum-espresso-openmpi.x86_64                                   6.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
quassel.x86_64                                                    0.13.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
quassel-client.x86_64                                             0.13.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
quassel-common.noarch                                             0.13.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
quassel-core.x86_64                                               0.13.1-8.el8                                                      epel      
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                                 1.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
quazip-qt5-devel.x86_64                                           1.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
quilt.noarch                                                      0.66-2.el8                                                        epel      
quota.x86_64                                                      1:4.06-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
quota-devel.x86_64                                                1:4.06-6.an8                                                      AppStream 
quota-doc.noarch                                                  1:4.06-6.an8                                                      PowerTools
quota-nld.x86_64                                                  1:4.06-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
quota-nls.noarch                                                  1:4.06-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
quota-rpc.x86_64                                                  1:4.06-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
quota-warnquota.x86_64                                            1:4.06-6.an8                                                      BaseOS    
quotatool.x86_64                                                  1.6.2-13.el8                                                      epel      
qwt-doc.noarch                                                    6.1.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
qwt-qt5.x86_64                                                    6.1.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
qwt-qt5-devel.x86_64                                              6.1.5-5.el8                                                       epel      
racket.x86_64                                                     7.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
racket-collects.noarch                                            7.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
racket-devel.x86_64                                               7.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
racket-doc.noarch                                                 7.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
racket-minimal.x86_64                                             7.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
racket-pkgs.noarch                                                7.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
radare2.x86_64                                                    5.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
radare2-common.noarch                                             5.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
radare2-devel.x86_64                                              5.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
radcli.x86_64                                                     1.2.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
radcli-compat-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
radcli-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
radeon-profile.x86_64                                             20200824-5.el8                                                    epel      
radeon-profile-daemon.x86_64                                      20190603-3.el8                                                    epel      
radeontop.x86_64                                                  1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
radicale3.noarch                                                  3.1.8-54.el8                                                      epel      
radicale3-httpd.noarch                                            3.1.8-54.el8                                                      epel      
radicale3-selinux.noarch                                          3.1.8-54.el8                                                      epel      
radsecproxy.x86_64                                                1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
radvd.x86_64                                                      2.19-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
ragel.x86_64                                                      7.0.0.12-2.el8                                                    epel      
ragel-devel.x86_64                                                7.0.0.12-2.el8                                                    epel      
rakudo.x86_64                                                     0.2019.07.1-1.el8                                                 epel      
rancid.x86_64                                                     3.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
range-v3-devel.x86_64                                             0.11.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
ranger.noarch                                                     1.9.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
rapidjson-devel.x86_64                                            1.1.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
rapidjson-doc.noarch                                              1.1.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
rapidxml-devel.noarch                                             1.13-19.el8                                                       epel      
rapidyaml.x86_64                                                  0.4.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
rapidyaml-devel.x86_64                                            0.4.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
raptor2.x86_64                                                    2.0.15-16.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
raptor2-devel.x86_64                                              2.0.15-16.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
raptor2-doc.noarch                                                2.0.15-16.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
rarian.x86_64                                                     0.8.1-19.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
rarian-compat.x86_64                                              0.8.1-19.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
rarian-doc.noarch                                                 0.8.1-19.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
rasdaemon.x86_64                                                  0.6.7-9.an8                                                       BaseOS    
rasqal.x86_64                                                     0.9.33-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
rasqal-devel.x86_64                                               0.9.33-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
rasqal-doc.noarch                                                 0.9.33-6.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                                              1.2.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
rb_libtorrent-devel.x86_64                                        1.2.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
rb_libtorrent-examples.x86_64                                     1.2.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
rb_libtorrent-python3.x86_64                                      1.2.6-4.el8                                                       epel      
rbenv.x86_64                                                      1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rbldnsd.x86_64                                                    0.998b-1.el8                                                      epel      
rbspy.x86_64                                                      0.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
rc.x86_64                                                         1.7.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
rclone.x86_64                                                     1.57.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rclone-browser.x86_64                                             1.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rcs.x86_64                                                        5.10.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
rd-agent.x86_64                                                   2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rd-agent-data.noarch                                              2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rd-agent-selinux.noarch                                           2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rd-hashd.x86_64                                                   2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rdesktop.x86_64                                                   1.9.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
rdiff-backup.x86_64                                               2.2.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
rdma-core.x86_64                                                  44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
rdma-core-devel.x86_64                                            44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
rdopkg.noarch                                                     1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
re2.x86_64                                                        20190801-1.el8                                                    epel      
re2-devel.x86_64                                                  20190801-1.el8                                                    epel      
re2c.x86_64                                                       0.14.3-2.el8                                                      AppStream 
reStream.noarch                                                   1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
readline-devel.x86_64                                             7.0-10.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
readline-doc.noarch                                               7.0-10.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
readonly-root.noarch                                              10.00.18-1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
readosm.x86_64                                                    1.1.0a-2.el8                                                      epel      
readosm-devel.x86_64                                              1.1.0a-2.el8                                                      epel      
realmd.x86_64                                                     0.17.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
realmd-devel-docs.x86_64                                          0.17.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
realmd-doc.noarch                                                 0.17.1-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
rear.x86_64                                                       2.6-9.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
rear-doc.noarch                                                   2.6-9.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
rebase-helper.noarch                                              0.27.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
recap.noarch                                                      2.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
recode.x86_64                                                     3.6-47.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
recode-devel.x86_64                                               3.6-47.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
recode-doc.noarch                                                 3.6-47.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
redfish-finder.noarch                                             0.4-9.an8                                                         AppStream 
redhat-display-fonts.noarch                                       4.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
redhat-menus.noarch                                               12.0.2-12.el8                                                     AppStream 
redhat-mono-fonts.noarch                                          4.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
redhat-text-fonts.noarch                                          4.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
redir.x86_64                                                      3.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
redis.x86_64                                                      5.0.3-5.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10894+be029f52                         AppStream 
redis-devel.x86_64                                                5.0.3-5.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10894+be029f52                         AppStream 
redis-doc.noarch                                                  5.0.3-5.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10894+be029f52                         AppStream 
redland.x86_64                                                    1.0.17-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
redland-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.17-14.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
redland-doc.noarch                                                1.0.17-14.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
rednotebook.noarch                                                2.29.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
redshift.x86_64                                                   1.12-10.el8                                                       epel      
redshift-gtk.x86_64                                               1.12-10.el8                                                       epel      
reg.x86_64                                                        0.16.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
remctl.x86_64                                                     3.17-4.el8                                                        epel      
remctl-devel.x86_64                                               3.17-4.el8                                                        epel      
remctl-perl.x86_64                                                3.17-4.el8                                                        epel      
remctl-php.x86_64                                                 3.17-4.el8                                                        epel      
remctl-ruby.x86_64                                                3.17-4.el8                                                        epel      
remmina.x86_64                                                    1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-devel.x86_64                                              1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-gnome-session.x86_64                                      1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-exec.x86_64                                       1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-kwallet.x86_64                                    1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-python.x86_64                                     1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-rdp.x86_64                                        1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-secret.x86_64                                     1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-spice.x86_64                                      1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-vnc.x86_64                                        1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-www.x86_64                                        1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
remmina-plugins-x2go.x86_64                                       1.4.32-1.el8                                                      epel      
reprepro.x86_64                                                   5.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
reptyr.x86_64                                                     0.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
resalloc.noarch                                                   5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
resalloc-aws.noarch                                               1.5-1.el8                                                         epel      
resalloc-openstack.noarch                                         9.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
resalloc-selinux.noarch                                           5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
resalloc-server.noarch                                            5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
resalloc-webui.noarch                                             5.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
resctl-bench.x86_64                                               2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
resctl-demo.x86_64                                                2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rest.x86_64                                                       0.8.1-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
rest-doc.noarch                                                   0.8.1-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
restic.x86_64                                                     0.13.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
retrace-server.noarch                                             1.24.2-2.el8                                                      epel      
retsnoop.x86_64                                                   0.9.7-2.el8                                                       epel      
rhash.x86_64                                                      1.3.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
rhash-devel.x86_64                                                1.3.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
rhythmbox.x86_64                                                  3.4.2-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
rhythmbox-doc.noarch                                              3.4.2-8.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
riemann-c-client.x86_64                                           1.9.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
riemann-c-client-devel.x86_64                                     1.9.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
rifiuti2.x86_64                                                   0.7.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rig.noarch                                                        1.1-6.an8                                                         AppStream 
ripgrep.x86_64                                                    13.0.0-6.el8                                                      epel      
ripmime.x86_64                                                    1.4.0.10-7.el8                                                    epel      
ristretto.x86_64                                                  0.11.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
rizin.x86_64                                                      0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rizin-common.noarch                                               0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rizin-devel.x86_64                                                0.5.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rkhunter.noarch                                                   1.4.6-7.el8                                                       epel      
rktime.noarch                                                     0.6-16.el8                                                        epel      
rlog.x86_64                                                       1.4-27.el8                                                        epel      
rlog-devel.x86_64                                                 1.4-27.el8                                                        epel      
rlottie.x86_64                                                    0.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
rlottie-devel.x86_64                                              0.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
rls.x86_64                                                        1.58.1-1.module+an8.7.0+10877+747a29a0                            AppStream 
rlwrap.x86_64                                                     0.46.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
rmol.x86_64                                                       1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
rmol-devel.x86_64                                                 1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
rmol-doc.noarch                                                   1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
rmt.x86_64                                                        2:1.5.3-13.0.2.an8                                                BaseOS    
rng-tools.x86_64                                                  6.15-3.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
rng-tools-doc.noarch                                              6.15-3.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
rnnoise.x86_64                                                    0-0.3.20210312git7f449bf.el8                                      epel      
rnnoise-devel.x86_64                                              0-0.3.20210312git7f449bf.el8                                      epel      
rnp.x86_64                                                        0.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
robin-map-devel.noarch                                            0.6.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
robodoc.x86_64                                                    4.99.43-8.el8                                                     epel      
roca-detect.noarch                                                1.2.12-12.el8                                                     epel      
rocksdb.x86_64                                                    6.26.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
rocksdb-devel.x86_64                                              6.26.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
rocm-clinfo.x86_64                                                5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-comgr.x86_64                                                 5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-comgr-devel.x86_64                                           5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-device-libs.x86_64                                           5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-opencl.x86_64                                                5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-opencl-devel.x86_64                                          5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-runtime.x86_64                                               5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-runtime-devel.x86_64                                         5.2.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocm-smi.noarch                                                   3.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocminfo.x86_64                                                   5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rocs.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
rocs-devel.x86_64                                                 22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
rocs-libs.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
root.x86_64                                                       6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-cli.noarch                                                   6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-cling.x86_64                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-core.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-fftw.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-foam.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-fonts.noarch                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-fumili.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gdml.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-genetic.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-genvector.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-geom.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-geom-builder.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-geom-painter.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf-asimage.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf-fitsio.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf-gpad.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf-gviz.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf-postscript.x86_64                                       6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf-x11.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf3d.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf3d-csg.x86_64                                            6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf3d-eve.x86_64                                            6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf3d-gl.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf3d-gviz3d.x86_64                                         6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-graf3d-x3d.x86_64                                            6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui.x86_64                                                   6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-builder.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-fitpanel.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-ged.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-html.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-qt5webdisplay.x86_64                                     6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-recorder.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-webdisplay.x86_64                                        6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-gui-webgui6.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-hbook.x86_64                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-hist.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-hist-factory.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-hist-painter.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-html.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-icons.noarch                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-io.x86_64                                                    6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-io-dcache.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-io-gfal.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-io-sql.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-io-xml.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-io-xmlparser.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-mathcore.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-mathmore.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-matrix.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-minuit.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-minuit2.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-mlp.x86_64                                                   6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-montecarlo-eg.x86_64                                         6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-montecarlo-pythia8.x86_64                                    6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-multiproc.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-net.x86_64                                                   6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-net-auth.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-net-davix.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-net-http.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-net-httpsniff.x86_64                                         6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-net-rpdutils.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-netx.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-notebook.noarch                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-physics.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-proof.x86_64                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-proof-bench.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-proof-player.x86_64                                          6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-proof-sessionviewer.x86_64                                   6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-quadp.x86_64                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-r.x86_64                                                     6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-r-tools.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-batchcompute.x86_64                                   6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-common.x86_64                                         6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-core.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-dataframe-helpers.x86_64                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-hs3.x86_64                                            6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-jsoninterface.x86_64                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roofit-more.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-roostats.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-smatrix.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-spectrum.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-spectrum-painter.x86_64                                      6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-splot.x86_64                                                 6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-sql-mysql.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-sql-odbc.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-sql-pgsql.x86_64                                             6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-sql-sqlite.x86_64                                            6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-testsupport.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tmva.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tmva-gui.x86_64                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tmva-python.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tmva-r.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tmva-sofie.x86_64                                            6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tmva-sofie-parser.x86_64                                     6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tpython.x86_64                                               6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tree.x86_64                                                  6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tree-dataframe.x86_64                                        6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tree-player.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tree-viewer.x86_64                                           6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tree-webviewer.x86_64                                        6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-tutorial.noarch                                              6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-unfold.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-unuran.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
root-vecops.x86_64                                                6.28.06-1.el8                                                     epel      
rootsh.x86_64                                                     1.5.3-22.el8                                                      epel      
rpcbind.x86_64                                                    1.2.5-10.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
rpcbind-doc.noarch                                                1.2.5-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
rpcgen.x86_64                                                     1.3.1-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
rpcsvc-proto-devel.x86_64                                         1.3.1-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
rpkg-common.noarch                                                1.66-11.el8                                                       epel      
rpkg-macros.noarch                                                2.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
rpki-client.x86_64                                                8.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
rpl.noarch                                                        1.5.7-6.el8                                                       epel      
rpm-apidocs.noarch                                                4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
rpm-cron.noarch                                                   4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
rpm-devel.x86_64                                                  4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
rpm-git-tag-sort.x86_64                                           1.0-1.el8                                                         epel      
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                              8-2.an8                                                           AppStream 
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                                 2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.0.1.an8                                   AppStream 
rpm-ostree-doc.noarch                                             2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.0.1.an8                                   PowerTools
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                                            2022.10.115.g15eba7b1-2.0.1.an8                                   AppStream 
rpm-plugin-fapolicyd.x86_64                                       4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
rpm-plugin-ima.x86_64                                             4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
rpm-plugin-prioreset.x86_64                                       4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
rpm-plugin-syslog.x86_64                                          4.14.3-26.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
rpmbuild-order.x86_64                                             0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
rpmconf.noarch                                                    1.1.7-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
rpmconf-base.noarch                                               1.1.7-2.el8.1                                                     epel      
rpmdevtools.noarch                                                8.10-8.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
rpmdistro-repoquery.noarch                                        0^20230819git18ae234-1.el8                                        epel      
rpmemd.x86_64                                                     1.6.1-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
rpminspect.x86_64                                                 1.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
rpminspect-data-centos.noarch                                     1:1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
rpminspect-data-fedora.noarch                                     1:1.12-1.el8                                                      epel      
rpminspect-data-generic.x86_64                                    1.11-1.el8                                                        epel      
rpmlint.noarch                                                    1.10-14.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
rpmlint-doc.noarch                                                1.10-14.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
rpmreaper.x86_64                                                  0.2.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
rpmrebuild.noarch                                                 2.16-3.el8                                                        epel      
rr.x86_64                                                         5.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rr-testsuite.x86_64                                               5.6.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rrdtool.x86_64                                                    1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rrdtool-devel.x86_64                                              1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rrdtool-doc.x86_64                                                1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rrdtool-lua.x86_64                                                1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                                               1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rrdtool-ruby.x86_64                                               1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rrdtool-tcl.x86_64                                                1.7.2-21.an8                                                      AppStream 
rs.x86_64                                                         20200313-4.el8                                                    epel      
rsakeyfind.x86_64                                                 1.0-2.el8                                                         epel      
rsh.x86_64                                                        0.17-94.el8                                                       epel      
rsh-server.x86_64                                                 0.17-94.el8                                                       epel      
rshim.x86_64                                                      2.0.5-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
rshim-doc.noarch                                                  2.0.5-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
rsibreak.x86_64                                                   0.12.13-1.el8                                                     epel      
rsnapshot.noarch                                                  1.4.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
rst2txt.noarch                                                    1.1.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
rsync-bpc.x86_64                                                  3.1.3.0-1.el8                                                     epel      
rsync-daemon.noarch                                               3.1.3-19.0.1.an8.1                                                BaseOS    
rsync-doc.noarch                                                  3.1.3-19.0.1.an8.1                                                PowerTools
rsyntaxtextarea.noarch                                            3.1.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
rsyslog.x86_64                                                    8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-crypto.x86_64                                             8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-doc.noarch                                                8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   PowerTools
rsyslog-elasticsearch.x86_64                                      8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                                             8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                                             8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-kafka.x86_64                                              8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mmaudit.x86_64                                            8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mmfields.x86_64                                           8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mmjsonparse.x86_64                                        8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mmkubernetes.x86_64                                       8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mmnormalize.x86_64                                        8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mmsnmptrapd.x86_64                                        8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-mysql.x86_64                                              8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-omamqp1.x86_64                                            8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-openssl.x86_64                                            8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-pgsql.x86_64                                              8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                                               8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-snmp.x86_64                                               8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rsyslog-udpspoof.x86_64                                           8.2102.0-13.an8                                                   AppStream 
rt-tests.x86_64                                                   2.5-1.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
rtkit.x86_64                                                      0.11-19.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
rtkit-doc.noarch                                                  0.11-19.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
rtklib.x86_64                                                     2.4.3.b33-5.el8                                                   epel      
rtklib-devel.x86_64                                               2.4.3.b33-5.el8                                                   epel      
rtklib-doc.noarch                                                 2.4.3.b33-5.el8                                                   epel      
rtklib-libs.x86_64                                                2.4.3.b33-5.el8                                                   epel      
rtklib-qt.x86_64                                                  2.4.3.b33-5.el8                                                   epel      
rtl-433.x86_64                                                    21.12-4.20220401git8228f0d.el8                                    epel      
rtl-433-devel.x86_64                                              21.12-4.20220401git8228f0d.el8                                    epel      
rtl-sdr.x86_64                                                    0.6.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
rtl-sdr-devel.x86_64                                              0.6.0-11.el8                                                      epel      
rtla.x86_64                                                       5.14.0-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
rtorrent.x86_64                                                   0.9.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
rttr-doc.noarch                                                   0.9.6-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubberband.x86_64                                                 1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubberband-devel.x86_64                                           1.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ruby.x86_64                                                       2.5.9-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
ruby-augeas.x86_64                                                0.5.0-24.el8                                                      epel      
ruby-build.x86_64                                                 20221004-1.el8                                                    epel      
ruby-build-rbenv.x86_64                                           20221004-1.el8                                                    epel      
ruby-caca.x86_64                                                  0.99-0.59.beta20.el8                                              epel      
ruby-clearsilver.x86_64                                           0.10.5-57.el8                                                     epel      
ruby-devel.x86_64                                                 2.5.9-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
ruby-doc.noarch                                                   2.5.9-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
ruby-facter.x86_64                                                3.14.24-1.el8                                                     epel      
ruby-hivex.x86_64                                                 1.3.18-23.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                           AppStream 
ruby-irb.noarch                                                   2.5.9-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
ruby-libguestfs.x86_64                                            1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
ruby-libs.x86_64                                                  2.5.9-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
ruby-notmuch.x86_64                                               0.35-2.el8                                                        epel      
ruby-openbabel.x86_64                                             3.1.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
ruby-prelude.x86_64                                               5.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-RedCloth.x86_64                                           4.3.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-RedCloth-doc.noarch                                       4.3.2-12.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-abrt.noarch                                               0.3.0-4.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                             AppStream 
rubygem-abrt-doc.noarch                                           0.3.0-4.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                             AppStream 
rubygem-addressable.noarch                                        2.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-addressable-doc.noarch                                    2.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-aruba.noarch                                              0.14.14-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
rubygem-aruba-doc.noarch                                          0.14.14-1.el8.2                                                   epel      
rubygem-asciidoctor.noarch                                        2.0.15-3.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-asciidoctor-doc.noarch                                    2.0.15-3.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                                         1.3.4-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-bson.x86_64                                               4.3.0-2.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                             AppStream 
rubygem-bson-doc.noarch                                           4.3.0-2.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                             AppStream 
rubygem-builder.noarch                                            3.2.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-builder-doc.noarch                                        3.2.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-bundler.noarch                                            1.16.1-4.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                            AppStream 
rubygem-bundler-doc.noarch                                        1.16.1-4.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                            AppStream 
rubygem-concurrent-ruby.noarch                                    1.1.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-concurrent-ruby-doc.noarch                                1.1.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-curb.x86_64                                               0.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-curb-doc.noarch                                           0.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-deep_merge.noarch                                         1.2.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-deep_merge-doc.noarch                                     1.2.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-did_you_mean.noarch                                       1.2.0-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-diff-lcs.noarch                                           1.3-4.el8                                                         AppStream 
rubygem-diff-lcs-doc.noarch                                       1.3-4.el8                                                         PowerTools
rubygem-docile.noarch                                             1.1.5-9.el8.1                                                     epel      
rubygem-docile-doc.noarch                                         1.1.5-9.el8.1                                                     epel      
rubygem-erubi.noarch                                              1.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-erubi-doc.noarch                                          1.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-fast_gettext.noarch                                       1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-fast_gettext-doc.noarch                                   1.2.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-ffi.x86_64                                                1.10.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-ffi-doc.noarch                                            1.10.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-gettext.noarch                                            3.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-gettext-doc.noarch                                        3.3.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-git.noarch                                                1.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-git-doc.noarch                                            1.13.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-gssapi.noarch                                             1.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-gssapi-doc.noarch                                         1.3.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-hiera-eyaml.noarch                                        3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-hiera-eyaml-doc.noarch                                    3.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-highline.noarch                                           1.7.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-highline-doc.noarch                                       1.7.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-hocon.noarch                                              1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-hocon-doc.noarch                                          1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-hoe.noarch                                                3.20.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-hoe-doc.noarch                                            3.20.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-hpricot.x86_64                                            0.8.6-26.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-hpricot-doc.x86_64                                        0.8.6-26.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-hrx.noarch                                                1.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-hrx-doc.noarch                                            1.0.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-httpclient.noarch                                         2.8.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-httpclient-doc.noarch                                     2.8.0-8.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-introspection.noarch                                      0.0.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-introspection-doc.noarch                                  0.0.4-6.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                                         0.4.6-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-jgrep.noarch                                              1.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-jgrep-doc.noarch                                          1.5.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-json.x86_64                                               2.1.0-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-linked-list.noarch                                        0.0.16-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-linked-list-doc.noarch                                    0.0.16-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-locale.noarch                                             2.1.2-3.el8.2                                                     epel      
rubygem-locale-doc.noarch                                         2.1.2-3.el8.2                                                     epel      
rubygem-mail.noarch                                               2.7.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mail-doc.noarch                                           2.7.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-metaclass.noarch                                          0.0.4-8.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-metaclass-doc.noarch                                      0.0.4-8.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mime-types.noarch                                         3.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mime-types-data.noarch                                    3.2019.0331-1.el8                                                 epel      
rubygem-mime-types-data-doc.noarch                                3.2019.0331-1.el8                                                 epel      
rubygem-mime-types-doc.noarch                                     3.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mini_mime.noarch                                          1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mini_mime-doc.noarch                                      1.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-minitest.noarch                                           5.10.3-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                      AppStream 
rubygem-mixlib-log.noarch                                         3.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mixlib-log-doc.noarch                                     3.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mocha.noarch                                              1.1.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mocha-doc.noarch                                          1.1.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mongo.noarch                                              2.5.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                             AppStream 
rubygem-mongo-doc.noarch                                          2.5.1-2.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                             AppStream 
rubygem-multi_json.noarch                                         1.13.1-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
rubygem-multi_json-doc.noarch                                     1.13.1-4.el8.1                                                    epel      
rubygem-mustache.noarch                                           1.0.2-8.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mustache-doc.noarch                                       1.0.2-8.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-mysql2.x86_64                                             0.4.10-4.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                            AppStream 
rubygem-mysql2-doc.noarch                                         0.4.10-4.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                            AppStream 
rubygem-net-ldap.noarch                                           0.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-net-ldap-doc.noarch                                       0.17.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-net-ssh.noarch                                            5.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-net-ssh-doc.noarch                                        5.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-net-telnet.noarch                                         0.1.1-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-open4.noarch                                              1.3.4-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-open4-doc.noarch                                          1.3.4-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                                            2.1.2-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-openwsman.x86_64                                          2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
rubygem-openwsman-doc.noarch                                      2.6.5-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
rubygem-optimist.noarch                                           3.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-optimist-doc.noarch                                       3.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-parallel.noarch                                           1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-parallel-doc.noarch                                       1.12.1-5.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-pathspec.noarch                                           0.2.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-pathspec-doc.noarch                                       0.2.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-pg.x86_64                                                 1.0.0-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                         AppStream 
rubygem-pg-doc.noarch                                             1.0.0-2.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                         AppStream 
rubygem-power_assert.noarch                                       1.1.1-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                              3.0.2-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-public_suffix.noarch                                      4.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-public_suffix-doc.noarch                                  4.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-puppet-resource_api.noarch                                1.8.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-puppet-resource_api-doc.noarch                            1.8.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-puppetserver-ca.noarch                                    1.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-puppetserver-ca-doc.noarch                                1.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-qpid_proton.x86_64                                        0.37.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-rack.noarch                                               2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rack-doc.noarch                                           2.2.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rake.noarch                                               12.3.3-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                      AppStream 
rubygem-rake-compiler.noarch                                      1.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rake-compiler-doc.noarch                                  1.0.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rb-inotify.noarch                                         0.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-rb-inotify-doc.noarch                                     0.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-rchardet.noarch                                           1.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rchardet-doc.noarch                                       1.8.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rdiscount.x86_64                                          2.2.0.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
rubygem-rdiscount-doc.noarch                                      2.2.0.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                               6.0.1.1-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                     AppStream 
rubygem-redcarpet.x86_64                                          3.3.2-17.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-redcarpet-doc.noarch                                      3.3.2-17.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-ronn.noarch                                               0.7.3-13.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-ronn-doc.noarch                                           0.7.3-13.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-rspec.noarch                                              3.7.0-2.el8                                                       AppStream 
rubygem-rspec-core.noarch                                         3.7.1-5.el8                                                       AppStream 
rubygem-rspec-core-doc.noarch                                     3.7.1-5.el8                                                       PowerTools
rubygem-rspec-doc.noarch                                          3.7.0-2.el8                                                       PowerTools
rubygem-rspec-expectations.noarch                                 3.7.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
rubygem-rspec-expectations-doc.noarch                             3.7.0-4.el8                                                       PowerTools
rubygem-rspec-fire.noarch                                         1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rspec-fire-doc.noarch                                     1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-rspec-mocks.noarch                                        3.7.0-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
rubygem-rspec-mocks-doc.noarch                                    3.7.0-4.el8                                                       PowerTools
rubygem-rspec-support.noarch                                      3.7.1-2.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
rubygem-rspec-support-doc.noarch                                  3.7.1-2.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
rubygem-ruby-libvirt.x86_64                                       0.7.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-ruby-libvirt-doc.noarch                                   0.7.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-ruby-shadow.x86_64                                        2.5.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-ruby-shadow-doc.noarch                                    2.5.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-semantic_puppet.noarch                                    1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-semantic_puppet-doc.noarch                                1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-simplecov.noarch                                          0.13.0-7.el8.1                                                    epel      
rubygem-simplecov-doc.noarch                                      0.13.0-7.el8.1                                                    epel      
rubygem-simplecov-html.noarch                                     0.10.0-8.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-simplecov-html-doc.noarch                                 0.10.0-8.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-simpleidn.noarch                                          0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-simpleidn-doc.noarch                                      0.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-snmp.noarch                                               1.3.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-snmp-doc.noarch                                           1.3.2-7.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-sqlite3.x86_64                                            1.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-sqlite3-doc.noarch                                        1.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-test-unit.noarch                                          3.2.7-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-text.noarch                                               1.3.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-text-doc.noarch                                           1.3.1-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-xml-simple.noarch                                         1.1.5-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-xml-simple-doc.noarch                                     1.1.5-9.el8                                                       epel      
rubygem-xmlrpc.noarch                                             0.3.0-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                       AppStream 
rubygem-yaml-lint.noarch                                          0.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-yaml-lint-doc.noarch                                      0.0.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-yard.noarch                                               0.9.12-8.el8                                                      epel      
rubygem-yard-doc.noarch                                           0.9.12-8.el8                                                      epel      
rubygems.noarch                                                   2.7.6.3-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                     AppStream 
rubygems-devel.noarch                                             2.7.6.3-110.0.1.module+an8.7.0+10870+bafb2688                     AppStream 
rusers.x86_64                                                     0.17-102.el8                                                      epel      
rusers-server.x86_64                                              0.17-102.el8                                                      epel      
rust.x86_64                                                       1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-analysis.x86_64                                              1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-analyzer.x86_64                                              1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-debugger-common.noarch                                       1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-doc.x86_64                                                   1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-gdb.noarch                                                   1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-lldb.noarch                                                  1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-pleaser+default-devel.noarch                                 0.5.3-0.el8                                                       epel      
rust-pleaser-devel.noarch                                         0.5.3-0.el8                                                       epel      
rust-src.noarch                                                   1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-std-static.x86_64                                            1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-std-static-wasm32-unknown-unknown.x86_64                     1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-std-static-wasm32-wasi.x86_64                                1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rust-toolset.x86_64                                               1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rustfmt.x86_64                                                    1.66.1-2.module+an8.8.0+11092+deec9b56                            AppStream 
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                                               9.31-1.el8                                                        epel      
rxvt-unicode-terminfo.noarch                                      9.31-1.el8                                                        epel      
s-nail.x86_64                                                     14.9.23-1.el8                                                     epel      
s3cmd.noarch                                                      2.3.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
s3fs-fuse.x86_64                                                  1.93-1.el8                                                        epel      
saab-fonts.noarch                                                 0.91-18.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
saab-fonts-doc.noarch                                             0.91-18.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sac.noarch                                                        1.3-30.an8                                                        AppStream 
safekeep-client.noarch                                            1.5.1^20230910git75e66fe-1.el8                                    epel      
safekeep-common.noarch                                            1.5.1^20230910git75e66fe-1.el8                                    epel      
safekeep-server.noarch                                            1.5.1^20230910git75e66fe-1.el8                                    epel      
sagator.noarch                                                    2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sagator-core.noarch                                               2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sagator-webq.noarch                                               2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
salt-lint.noarch                                                  0.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
samba.x86_64                                                      4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-client.x86_64                                               4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-client-libs.x86_64                                          4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-common.noarch                                               4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-common-libs.x86_64                                          4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-common-tools.x86_64                                         4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                              4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                               4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-devel.x86_64                                                4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
samba-krb5-printing.x86_64                                        4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                                     4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-libs.x86_64                                                 4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-pidl.noarch                                                 4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-test.x86_64                                                 4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-test-libs.x86_64                                            4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-tools.x86_64                                                4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-vfs-iouring.x86_64                                          4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
samba-winbind.x86_64                                              4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                                      4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-winbind-krb5-locator.x86_64                                 4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                                      4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samba-winexe.x86_64                                               4.17.5-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
samdump2.x86_64                                                   3.0.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
samtools.x86_64                                                   1.9-3.el8                                                         epel      
samyak-devanagari-fonts.noarch                                    1.2.2-19.el8                                                      AppStream 
samyak-fonts-common.noarch                                        1.2.2-19.el8                                                      AppStream 
samyak-gujarati-fonts.noarch                                      1.2.2-19.el8                                                      AppStream 
samyak-malayalam-fonts.noarch                                     1.2.2-19.el8                                                      AppStream 
samyak-odia-fonts.noarch                                          1.2.2-19.el8                                                      AppStream 
samyak-tamil-fonts.noarch                                         1.2.2-19.el8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends.x86_64                                              1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends-daemon.x86_64                                       1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends-devel.x86_64                                        1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends-doc.noarch                                          1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                              1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                             1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                                         1.0.32-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
sane-frontends.x86_64                                             1.0.14-30.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
sane-frontends-doc.noarch                                         1.0.14-30.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
sanlk-reset.x86_64                                                3.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sanlock.x86_64                                                    3.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sanlock-devel.x86_64                                              3.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sanlock-doc.noarch                                                3.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sanlock-lib.x86_64                                                3.8.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
sasl-xoauth2.x86_64                                               0.24-1.el8                                                        epel      
sassc.x86_64                                                      3.4.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
sassist.noarch                                                    0.8.6-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
sasutils.noarch                                                   0.5.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sat4j.noarch                                                      2.3.5-19.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                            AppStream 
satyr.x86_64                                                      0.26-2.0.2.an8                                                    AppStream 
satyr-doc.noarch                                                  0.26-2.0.2.an8                                                    PowerTools
sbc.x86_64                                                        1.4-9.an8                                                         AppStream 
sbd.x86_64                                                        1.5.1-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sblim-cmpi-base.x86_64                                            1.6.4-14.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sblim-cmpi-base-doc.noarch                                        1.6.4-14.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sblim-cmpi-devel.x86_64                                           2.0.3-15.el8                                                      AppStream 
sblim-gather.x86_64                                               2.2.9-24.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sblim-gather-provider.x86_64                                      2.2.9-24.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sblim-indication_helper.x86_64                                    0.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sblim-indication_helper-doc.noarch                                0.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sblim-sfcCommon.x86_64                                            1.0.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sblim-sfcCommon-doc.noarch                                        1.0.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sblim-sfcb.x86_64                                                 1.4.9-17.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
sblim-sfcb-doc.noarch                                             1.4.9-17.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
sblim-sfcc.x86_64                                                 2.2.8-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sblim-sfcc-devel.x86_64                                           2.2.8-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sblim-sfcc-doc.noarch                                             2.2.8-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sblim-wbemcli.x86_64                                              1.6.3-16.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
scalapack-common.x86_64                                           2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalapack-mpich.x86_64                                            2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalapack-mpich-devel.x86_64                                      2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalapack-mpich-static.x86_64                                     2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalapack-openmpi.x86_64                                          2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalapack-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                    2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalapack-openmpi-static.x86_64                                   2.0.2-31.el8                                                      epel      
scalasca.x86_64                                                   2.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
scalasca-doc.noarch                                               2.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
scalasca-mpich.x86_64                                             2.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
scalasca-openmpi.x86_64                                           2.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
scanless.noarch                                                   2.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
scanssh.x86_64                                                    2.1.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
scap-security-guide.noarch                                        0.1.69-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
scap-security-guide-doc.noarch                                    0.1.69-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
scap-security-guide-extra.noarch                                  0.1.69-2.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
scap-workbench.x86_64                                             1.2.0-8.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
scdoc.x86_64                                                      1.9.6-2.el8                                                       epel      
schedtool.x86_64                                                  1.3.0-25.el8                                                      epel      
schroedinger.x86_64                                               1.0.11-21.el8                                                     epel      
schroedinger-devel.x86_64                                         1.0.11-21.el8                                                     epel      
schroot.x86_64                                                    1.6.10-10.el8                                                     epel      
scitokens-cpp.x86_64                                              1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
scitokens-cpp-devel.x86_64                                        1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
scl-utils-build.x86_64                                            1:2.0.3-4.an8                                                     AppStream 
scorep.x86_64                                                     6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-config.x86_64                                              6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-doc.noarch                                                 6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-libs.x86_64                                                6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-mpich.x86_64                                               6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-mpich-config.x86_64                                        6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-mpich-libs.x86_64                                          6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-openmpi.x86_64                                             6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-openmpi-config.x86_64                                      6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scorep-openmpi-libs.x86_64                                        6.0-19.el8                                                        epel      
scotch.x86_64                                                     6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
scotch-devel.x86_64                                               6.0.5-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
scotch-doc.noarch                                                 6.0.5-3.an8                                                       PowerTools
scponly.x86_64                                                    4.8-26.el8                                                        epel      
screenkey.noarch                                                  1.4-2.el8                                                         epel      
scrub.x86_64                                                      2.6.1-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
sdbus-cpp.x86_64                                                  1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sdbus-cpp-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sdbus-cpp-devel-doc.noarch                                        1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sdbus-cpp-tools.x86_64                                            1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sddm.x86_64                                                       0.19.0^git20220321.e67307e-2.el8.3                                epel      
sddm-breeze.noarch                                                5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
sddm-kcm.x86_64                                                   5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
sddm-themes.noarch                                                0.19.0^git20220321.e67307e-2.el8.3                                epel      
sddm-wayland-generic.noarch                                       0.19.0^git20220321.e67307e-2.el8.3                                epel      
sddm-wayland-plasma.noarch                                        5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
sddm-x11.noarch                                                   0.19.0^git20220321.e67307e-2.el8.3                                epel      
sdl-crypto-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.0-5.20220329gita5096e5.el8                                    epel      
sdl-decnumber-devel.x86_64                                        3.68.0-5.20220329git3aa2f45.el8                                   epel      
sdl-decnumber-doc.noarch                                          3.68.0-5.20220329git3aa2f45.el8                                   epel      
sdl-softfloat-devel.x86_64                                        3.5.0-5.20220329git4b0c326.el8                                    epel      
sdl-telnet-devel.x86_64                                           1.0.0-5.20220328gite0e2a91.el8                                    epel      
sdorfehs.x86_64                                                   1.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
sdparm.x86_64                                                     1.10-10.el8                                                       epel      
seabios.x86_64                                                    1.16.0-4.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
seabios-bin.noarch                                                1.16.0-4.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
seahorse.x86_64                                                   3.20.0-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
seahorse-caja.x86_64                                              1.18.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
seahorse-doc.noarch                                               3.20.0-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
seamonkey.x86_64                                                  2.53.17-1.el8                                                     epel      
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                             1.16.0-4.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                            AppStream 
sec.noarch                                                        2.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
secilc.x86_64                                                     2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
secilc-doc.noarch                                                 2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
sedutil.x86_64                                                    1.20.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                                       3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
selinux-policy-doc.noarch                                         3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
selinux-policy-minimum.noarch                                     3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
selinux-policy-mls.noarch                                         3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
selinux-policy-sandbox.noarch                                     3.14.3-117.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
sendemail.noarch                                                  1.56-4.el8                                                        epel      
sendmail.x86_64                                                   8.16.1-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
sendmail-cf.noarch                                                8.16.1-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
sendmail-doc.noarch                                               8.16.1-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
sendmail-milter.x86_64                                            8.16.1-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
sendmail-milter-devel.x86_64                                      8.16.1-10.an8                                                     AppStream 
sendxmpp.noarch                                                   1.24-12.el8                                                       epel      
sensible-utils.noarch                                             0.0.17-2.el8                                                      epel      
sentencepiece-devel.x86_64                                        0.1.92-1.el8                                                      epel      
sentencepiece-libs.x86_64                                         0.1.92-1.el8                                                      epel      
sentencepiece-tools.x86_64                                        0.1.92-1.el8                                                      epel      
ser2net.x86_64                                                    3.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
setools.x86_64                                                    4.3.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
setools-console.x86_64                                            4.3.0-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
setools-console-analyses.x86_64                                   4.3.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
setools-gui.x86_64                                                4.3.0-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                             3.3.26-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
setroubleshoot-doc.noarch                                         3.3.26-5.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                                     3.3.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
setroubleshoot-plugins-doc.noarch                                 3.3.14-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                                      3.3.26-5.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
setserial.x86_64                                                  2.17-45.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
setserial-doc.noarch                                              2.17-45.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
setup-doc.noarch                                                  2.12.2-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sevctl.x86_64                                                     0.3.2-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
sevctl-debugsource.x86_64                                         0.3.2-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
sevmgr.x86_64                                                     1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
sevmgr-devel.x86_64                                               1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
sevmgr-doc.noarch                                                 1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
sexpp.x86_64                                                      0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
sg3_utils.x86_64                                                  1.44-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
sg3_utils-devel.x86_64                                            1.44-6.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
sg3_utils-doc.noarch                                              1.44-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                             1.44-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
sgabios.x86_64                                                    1:0.20170427git-3.module+an8.4.0+10287+3be9aa75                   AppStream 
sgabios-bin.noarch                                                1:0.20170427git-3.module+an8.4.0+10287+3be9aa75                   AppStream 
sgml-common-doc.noarch                                            0.6.3-50.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sgpio.x86_64                                                      1.2.0.10-21.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
sgpio-doc.noarch                                                  1.2.0.10-21.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
sha2.x86_64                                                       1.0.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
sha2-devel.x86_64                                                 1.0.1-17.el8                                                      epel      
shadow-utils-doc.noarch                                           2:4.6-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                                         2:4.6-17.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
shadow-utils-subid-devel.x86_64                                   2:4.6-17.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
shairport-sync.x86_64                                             3.3.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
shapelib.x86_64                                                   1.5.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
shapelib-devel.x86_64                                             1.5.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
shapelib-tools.x86_64                                             1.5.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
shared-mime-info-doc.noarch                                       2.1-5.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
sharutils.x86_64                                                  4.15.2-11.el8                                                     AppStream 
shc.x86_64                                                        4.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
shdoc.noarch                                                      1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
shelldap.noarch                                                   1.4.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
shigofumi.x86_64                                                  0.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
shim-ia32.x86_64                                                  15.6-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
shim-unsigned-x64.x86_64                                          15.6-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
shim-x64.x86_64                                                   15.6-1.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
shodan.noarch                                                     1.23.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
shorewall.noarch                                                  5.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
shorewall-core.noarch                                             5.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
shorewall-init.noarch                                             5.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
shorewall-lite.noarch                                             5.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
shorewall6.noarch                                                 5.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
shorewall6-lite.noarch                                            5.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
siege.x86_64                                                      4.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
signify.x86_64                                                    31-1.el8                                                          epel      
signon.x86_64                                                     8.60-10.el8                                                       epel      
signon-devel.x86_64                                               8.60-10.el8                                                       epel      
signon-doc.noarch                                                 8.60-10.el8                                                       epel      
signon-kwallet-extension.x86_64                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                                       0.24-4.el8                                                        epel      
signon-plugin-oauth2-devel.x86_64                                 0.24-4.el8                                                        epel      
signon-ui.x86_64                                                  0.15-17.el8                                                       epel      
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                                       1.200-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sil-abyssinica-fonts-doc.noarch                                   1.200-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                                            2.200-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sil-nuosu-fonts-doc.noarch                                        2.200-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sil-padauk-book-fonts.noarch                                      3.003-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                                           3.003-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sil-padauk-fonts-doc.noarch                                       3.003-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sil-scheherazade-fonts.noarch                                     2.100-5.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sil-scheherazade-fonts-doc.noarch                                 2.100-5.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
simcrs.x86_64                                                     1.01.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
simcrs-devel.x86_64                                               1.01.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
simcrs-doc.noarch                                                 1.01.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
simde-devel.x86_64                                                0.0.0-1.git29b9110.el8                                            epel      
simfqt.x86_64                                                     1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
simfqt-devel.x86_64                                               1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
simfqt-doc.noarch                                                 1.00.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
simple-scan.x86_64                                                3.36.2.1-1.el8                                                    epel      
singularity-ce.x86_64                                             3.11.5-1.el8                                                      epel      
sip.x86_64                                                        4.19.25-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
sip-doc.noarch                                                    4.19.25-1.an8                                                     PowerTools
sip-redirect.noarch                                               0.2.0-18.el8                                                      epel      
sip6.x86_64                                                       6.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
sipcalc.x86_64                                                    1.1.6-17.el8                                                      epel      
sipvicious.noarch                                                 0.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sisu-inject.noarch                                                1:0.3.3-6.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
sisu-plexus.noarch                                                1:0.3.3-6.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                           AppStream 
sj-delphine-fonts.noarch                                          2.0.2-19.el8                                                      epel      
sj-fonts-common.noarch                                            2.0.2-19.el8                                                      epel      
sj-stevehand-fonts.noarch                                         2.0.2-19.el8                                                      epel      
skanlite.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
skkdic.noarch                                                     20170102-4.T1100.0.1.an8                                          AppStream 
skkdic-doc.noarch                                                 20170102-4.T1100.0.1.an8                                          PowerTools
skopeo-tests.x86_64                                               2:1.11.2-0.2.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                    AppStream 
sl.x86_64                                                         5.02-1.el8                                                        epel      
slang.x86_64                                                      2.3.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
slang-devel.x86_64                                                2.3.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
slang-doc.noarch                                                  2.3.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
sleef.x86_64                                                      3.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
sleef-devel.x86_64                                                3.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
sleef-doc.noarch                                                  3.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
sleef-gnuabi.x86_64                                               3.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
sleef-gnuabi-devel.x86_64                                         3.5.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
sleuthkit.x86_64                                                  4.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sleuthkit-devel.x86_64                                            4.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
sleuthkit-libs.x86_64                                             4.9.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
slf4j.noarch                                                      1.7.25-4.module+an8.7.0+10868+2860c6e5                            AppStream 
slick-greeter.x86_64                                              1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
slick-greeter-cinnamon.noarch                                     1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
slick-greeter-mate.noarch                                         1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
sloccount.x86_64                                                  2.26-37.el8                                                       epel      
slop.x86_64                                                       7.6-5.el8                                                         epel      
slowhttptest.x86_64                                               1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
slowloris.noarch                                                  0.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
slurm.x86_64                                                      20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-contribs.x86_64                                             20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-devel.x86_64                                                20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-doc.x86_64                                                  20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-gui.x86_64                                                  20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-libs.x86_64                                                 20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-nss_slurm.x86_64                                            20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-openlava.x86_64                                             20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-pam_slurm.x86_64                                            20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-perlapi.x86_64                                              20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-pmi.x86_64                                                  20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-pmi-devel.x86_64                                            20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-rrdtool.x86_64                                              20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-slurmctld.x86_64                                            20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-slurmd.x86_64                                               20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-slurmdbd.x86_64                                             20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-slurmrestd.x86_64                                           20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
slurm-torque.x86_64                                               20.11.9-1.el8                                                     epel      
smartmontools.x86_64                                              1:7.1-1.0.2.an8                                                   BaseOS    
smartmontools-doc.noarch                                          1:7.1-1.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
smatch.x86_64                                                     1.73-2.el8                                                        epel      
smatch-data.noarch                                                1.73-2.el8                                                        epel      
smc-anjalioldlipi-fonts.noarch                                    6.1-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
smc-dyuthi-fonts.noarch                                           6.1-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
smc-fonts-common.noarch                                           6.1-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
smc-kalyani-fonts.noarch                                          6.1-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                                            7.0.3-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
smc-rachana-fonts.noarch                                          7.0.3-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
smc-raghumalayalam-fonts.noarch                                   6.1-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
smc-suruma-fonts.noarch                                           6.1-10.el8                                                        AppStream 
smc-tools.x86_64                                                  1.8.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
smc-tools-doc.noarch                                              1.8.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
smcalc.x86_64                                                     1.0.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
smem.noarch                                                       1.5-6.el8                                                         epel      
smf-spf.x86_64                                                    2.5.1^20220423g061e937-1.el8                                      epel      
smokeping.noarch                                                  2.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
smoldyn.x86_64                                                    2.61-3.el8                                                        epel      
smoldyn-doc.noarch                                                2.61-3.el8                                                        epel      
smp_utils.x86_64                                                  0.99-5.el8                                                        epel      
smp_utils-devel.x86_64                                            0.99-5.el8                                                        epel      
smp_utils-libs.x86_64                                             0.99-5.el8                                                        epel      
smtpping.x86_64                                                   1.1.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
snakeyaml.noarch                                                  1.32-1.el8                                                        epel      
snakeyaml-javadoc.noarch                                          1.32-1.el8                                                        epel      
snap-confine.x86_64                                               2.58.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
snapd.x86_64                                                      2.58.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
snapd-devel.noarch                                                2.58.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
snapd-glib.x86_64                                                 1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-glib-devel.x86_64                                           1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-glib-tests.x86_64                                           1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-qt.x86_64                                                   1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-qt-devel.x86_64                                             1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-qt-qml.x86_64                                               1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-qt-tests.x86_64                                             1.58-1.el8                                                        epel      
snapd-selinux.noarch                                              2.58.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
snappy-devel.x86_64                                               1.1.8-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
snappy-doc.noarch                                                 1.1.8-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
snmpcheck.noarch                                                  1.9-9.el8                                                         epel      
snoopy.x86_64                                                     2.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
snoopy-compat.noarch                                              2.5.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
socat.x86_64                                                      1.7.4.1-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
socat-doc.noarch                                                  1.7.4.1-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
soci.x86_64                                                       4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-devel.x86_64                                                 4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-doc.noarch                                                   4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-mysql.x86_64                                                 4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-mysql-devel.x86_64                                           4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-odbc.x86_64                                                  4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-odbc-devel.x86_64                                            4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-postgresql.x86_64                                            4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-postgresql-devel.x86_64                                      4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-sqlite3.x86_64                                               4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
soci-sqlite3-devel.x86_64                                         4.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
socialscan.noarch                                                 1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
socket_wrapper.x86_64                                             1.2.3-1.el8                                                       AppStream 
socnetv.x86_64                                                    2.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
softfloat-devel.x86_64                                            3.5.0-2.20210329git42f2f99.el8                                    epel      
softhsm.x86_64                                                    2.6.1-5.el8.1                                                     epel      
softhsm-devel.x86_64                                              2.6.1-5.el8.1                                                     epel      
solaar.noarch                                                     1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
solaar-doc.noarch                                                 1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
solaar-udev.noarch                                                1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
sombok.x86_64                                                     2.4.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
sombok-devel.x86_64                                               2.4.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
sos.noarch                                                        4.6.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
sos-audit.noarch                                                  4.6.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
sos-collector.noarch                                              1.8-2.el8                                                         AppStream 
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                                    0.8-9.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
sound-theme-freedesktop-doc.noarch                                0.8-9.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
soundfont-utils.x86_64                                            0.4-30.el8                                                        epel      
soundtouch.x86_64                                                 2.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
soundtouch-devel.x86_64                                           2.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
sourcextractor++.x86_64                                           0.12-1.el8                                                        epel      
sourcextractor++-devel.x86_64                                     0.12-1.el8                                                        epel      
sourcextractor++-doc.noarch                                       0.12-1.el8                                                        epel      
sox.x86_64                                                        14.4.2.0-29.el8                                                   epel      
sox-devel.x86_64                                                  14.4.2.0-29.el8                                                   epel      
soxr.x86_64                                                       0.1.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
soxr-devel.x86_64                                                 0.1.3-4.el8                                                       epel      
spacenavd.x86_64                                                  0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
spamass-milter.x86_64                                             0.4.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
spamass-milter-postfix.noarch                                     0.4.0-13.el8                                                      epel      
spamassassin.x86_64                                               3.4.6-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
spamassassin-doc.noarch                                           3.4.6-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
spamassassin-dqs.noarch                                           1.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
spamassassin-iXhash2.noarch                                       2.05-16.el8                                                       epel      
spandsp.x86_64                                                    0.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
spandsp-apidoc.x86_64                                             0.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
spandsp-devel.x86_64                                              0.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
sparse.x86_64                                                     0.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
sparsehash-devel.x86_64                                           2.0.2-8.el8                                                       AppStream 
spatialindex.x86_64                                               1.9.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
spatialindex-devel.x86_64                                         1.9.3-6.el8                                                       epel      
spawn-fcgi.x86_64                                                 1.6.3-17.el8                                                      epel      
spax.x86_64                                                       1.5.3-13.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
spdlog.x86_64                                                     1.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
spdlog-devel.x86_64                                               1.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
spdrs60.x86_64                                                    0.6.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
spdrs60-doc.noarch                                                0.6.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
spectacle.x86_64                                                  22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
spectre-meltdown-checker.noarch                                   0.46-1.el8                                                        epel      
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                                          0.8.8-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
speech-dispatcher-devel.x86_64                                    0.8.8-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
speech-dispatcher-doc.noarch                                      0.8.8-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                                0.8.8-6.el8                                                       AppStream 
speech-tools.x86_64                                               2.5-18.el8                                                        epel      
speech-tools-libs.x86_64                                          2.5-18.el8                                                        epel      
speech-tools-libs-devel.x86_64                                    2.5-18.el8                                                        epel      
speech-tools-libs-static.x86_64                                   2.5-18.el8                                                        epel      
speedtest-cli.noarch                                              2.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
speex.x86_64                                                      1.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
speex-devel.x86_64                                                1.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
speex-doc.noarch                                                  1.2.0-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
speexdsp.x86_64                                                   1.2.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
speexdsp-devel.x86_64                                             1.2.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
spew.x86_64                                                       1.0.8-29.el8                                                      epel      
spglib.x86_64                                                     1.16.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
spglib-devel.x86_64                                               1.16.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
sphinx.x86_64                                                     2.2.11-15.el8                                                     epel      
sphinx-java.x86_64                                                2.2.11-15.el8                                                     epel      
sphinx-php.x86_64                                                 2.2.11-15.el8                                                     epel      
spice-client-win-x64.noarch                                       8.8-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
spice-client-win-x86.noarch                                       8.8-1.an8                                                         AppStream 
spice-glib.x86_64                                                 0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-glib-devel.x86_64                                           0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-gtk.x86_64                                                  0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-gtk-tools.x86_64                                            0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                                 0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-gtk3-devel.x86_64                                           0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-gtk3-vala.x86_64                                            0.39-5.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-protocol.noarch                                             0.14.3-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
spice-protocol-doc.noarch                                         0.14.3-4.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
spice-qxl-wddm-dod.noarch                                         0.21-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
spice-server.x86_64                                               0.14.3-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
spice-server-devel.x86_64                                         0.14.3-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
spice-streaming-agent.x86_64                                      0.3-2.0.2.an8                                                     AppStream 
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                              0.21.0-5.an8                                                      AppStream 
spice-vdagent-win-x64.noarch                                      0.10.0-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
spice-vdagent-win-x86.noarch                                      0.10.0-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
spirv-headers-devel.noarch                                        1.5.4-7.20210728.git449bc98.el8                                   epel      
spirv-tools.x86_64                                                2023.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
spirv-tools-devel.x86_64                                          2023.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
spirv-tools-doc.noarch                                            2023.1-2.an8                                                      PowerTools
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                                           2023.1-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
splix.x86_64                                                      2.0.1-0.36.20130902svn.0.1.an8                                    AppStream 
splix-doc.noarch                                                  2.0.1-0.36.20130902svn.0.1.an8                                    PowerTools
spnavcfg.x86_64                                                   0.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
sqlcipher.x86_64                                                  4.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
sqlcipher-devel.x86_64                                            4.4.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
sqlgrey.noarch                                                    1.8.0-22.el8                                                      epel      
sqlite.x86_64                                                     3.26.0-18.an8                                                     BaseOS    
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                               3.26.0-18.an8                                                     BaseOS    
sqlite-doc.noarch                                                 3.26.0-18.an8                                                     BaseOS    
sqm-scripts.noarch                                                1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
squashfuse.x86_64                                                 0.1.104-1.el8                                                     epel      
squashfuse-devel.x86_64                                           0.1.104-1.el8                                                     epel      
squashfuse-libs.x86_64                                            0.1.104-1.el8                                                     epel      
squeezelite.x86_64                                                1.9.6.1205-3.20200103git1cff80e.el8                               epel      
squid.x86_64                                                      7:4.15-6.module+an8.8.0+11087+ea786f4d                            AppStream 
squidGuard.x86_64                                                 1.4-36.el8                                                        epel      
srain.x86_64                                                      1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
srcpd.x86_64                                                      2.1.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
srm.x86_64                                                        1.2.15-12.el8                                                     epel      
srm-ifce.x86_64                                                   1.24.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
srm-ifce-devel.x86_64                                             1.24.6-1.el8                                                      epel      
srp_daemon.x86_64                                                 44.0-2.0.1.an8.1                                                  BaseOS    
srt.x86_64                                                        1.4.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
srt-devel.x86_64                                                  1.4.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
srt-libs.x86_64                                                   1.4.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
sscg.x86_64                                                       3.0.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
sscg-doc.noarch                                                   3.0.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ssdeep.x86_64                                                     2.14.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
ssdeep-devel.x86_64                                               2.14.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
ssdeep-libs.x86_64                                                2.14.1-7.el8                                                      epel      
sshexport.noarch                                                  2.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
sshguard.x86_64                                                   2.4.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
sshguard-firewalld.x86_64                                         2.4.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
sshguard-iptables.x86_64                                          2.4.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
sshguard-nftables.x86_64                                          2.4.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
sshpass.x86_64                                                    1.09-4.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
sshpass-doc.noarch                                                1.09-4.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
sshuttle.noarch                                                   1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
ssldump.x86_64                                                    1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
sslh.x86_64                                                       1.20-1.el8                                                        epel      
sslscan.x86_64                                                    2.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
sssd.x86_64                                                       2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-ad.x86_64                                                    2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-client.x86_64                                                2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-common.x86_64                                                2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                                            2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                                  2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-idp.x86_64                                                   2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                                   2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                                   2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                                  2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                                           2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                                  2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                             2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-polkit-rules.x86_64                                          2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                                 2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-tools.x86_64                                                 2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
sssd-winbind-idmap.x86_64                                         2.8.2-3.an8                                                       BaseOS    
st.x86_64                                                         0.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
st-user.x86_64                                                    0.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
stacer.x86_64                                                     1.1.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
stacer-devel.x86_64                                               1.1.0-12.el8                                                      epel      
stalld.x86_64                                                     1.17.1-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
stalonetray.x86_64                                                0.8.3-15.el8                                                      epel      
standard-test-roles.noarch                                        4.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
standard-test-roles-inventory-docker.noarch                       4.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
standard-test-roles-inventory-qemu.noarch                         4.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
star.x86_64                                                       1.5.3-13.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
star-doc.noarch                                                   1.5.3-13.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
startup-notification.x86_64                                       0.12-15.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
startup-notification-devel.x86_64                                 0.12-15.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
startup-notification-doc.noarch                                   0.12-15.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
stb-devel.x86_64                                                  0-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                     epel      
stb-doc.noarch                                                    0-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                     epel      
stb_c_lexer-devel.x86_64                                          0.12-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_connected_components-devel.x86_64                             0.96-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_divide-devel.x86_64                                           0.94-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_ds-devel.x86_64                                               0.67-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_dxt-devel.x86_64                                              1.12-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_easy_font-devel.x86_64                                        1.1-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                   epel      
stb_herringbone_wang_tile-devel.x86_64                            0.7-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                   epel      
stb_hexwave-devel.x86_64                                          0.5-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                   epel      
stb_image-devel.x86_64                                            2.28-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_image_resize-devel.x86_64                                     0.97-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_image_write-devel.x86_64                                      1.16-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_leakcheck-devel.x86_64                                        0.6-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                   epel      
stb_perlin-devel.x86_64                                           0.5-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                   epel      
stb_rect_pack-devel.x86_64                                        1.1-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                   epel      
stb_sprintf-devel.x86_64                                          1.10-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_textedit-devel.x86_64                                         1.14-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_tilemap_editor-devel.x86_64                                   0.42-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_truetype-devel.x86_64                                         1.26-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_vorbis-devel.x86_64                                           1.22-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stb_voxel_render-devel.x86_64                                     0.89-0.24.20230129git5736b15.el8                                  epel      
stdair.x86_64                                                     1.00.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
stdair-devel.x86_64                                               1.00.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
stdair-doc.noarch                                                 1.00.8-1.el8                                                      epel      
stellarium.x86_64                                                 0.20.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
step.x86_64                                                       22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
stgit.noarch                                                      0.23-2.el8                                                        epel      
stix-fonts.noarch                                                 1.1.0-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
stix-math-fonts.noarch                                            1.1.0-12.el8                                                      AppStream 
stlink.x86_64                                                     1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
stlink-devel.x86_64                                               1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
stlink-gui.x86_64                                                 1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
stockfish.x86_64                                                  16-1.el8                                                          epel      
stoken-cli.x86_64                                                 0.92-1.el8                                                        epel      
stoken-devel.x86_64                                               0.92-1.el8                                                        epel      
stoken-gui.x86_64                                                 0.92-1.el8                                                        epel      
stoken-libs.x86_64                                                0.92-1.el8                                                        epel      
stompclt.noarch                                                   1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
stow.noarch                                                       2.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
stow-doc.noarch                                                   2.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
strace-doc.noarch                                                 5.18-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
stratis-cli.noarch                                                3.4.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
stratisd.x86_64                                                   2.4.2-2.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
stratisd-doc.noarch                                               2.4.2-2.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
stratisd-dracut.x86_64                                            2.4.2-2.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
stress.x86_64                                                     1.0.4-24.el8                                                      epel      
stress-ng.x86_64                                                  0.15.00-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
stressapptest.x86_64                                              1.0.9-1.20220222git6714c57.el8                                    epel      
strongswan.x86_64                                                 5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
strongswan-charon-nm.x86_64                                       5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
strongswan-libipsec.x86_64                                        5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
strongswan-sqlite.x86_64                                          5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
strongswan-tnc-imcvs.x86_64                                       5.9.10-1.el8                                                      epel      
stubby.x86_64                                                     0.4.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
stunnel.x86_64                                                    5.56-5.an8                                                        BaseOS    
subscription-manager-migration-data.noarch                        2.0.51-1                                                          AppStream 
subunit.x86_64                                                    1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-cppunit.x86_64                                            1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-cppunit-devel.x86_64                                      1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-devel.x86_64                                              1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-filters.noarch                                            1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-perl.noarch                                               1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-shell.noarch                                              1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subunit-static.x86_64                                             1.4.0-14.el8                                                      epel      
subversion.x86_64                                                 1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
subversion-devel.x86_64                                           1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
subversion-gnome.x86_64                                           1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
subversion-javahl.noarch                                          1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
subversion-libs.x86_64                                            1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
subversion-perl.x86_64                                            1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
subversion-tools.x86_64                                           1.10.2-5.module+an8.7.0+10951+db3e5554                            AppStream 
suitesparse.x86_64                                                4.4.6-11.el8                                                      AppStream 
suitesparse-devel.x86_64                                          4.4.6-11.el8                                                      AppStream 
suitesparse-doc.noarch                                            4.4.6-11.el8                                                      PowerTools
sundials.x86_64                                                   5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
sundials-devel.x86_64                                             5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
sundials-doc.noarch                                               5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
sundials-mpich.x86_64                                             5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
sundials-mpich-devel.x86_64                                       5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
sundials-openmpi.x86_64                                           5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
sundials-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                     5.8.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
superlu_dist-doc.noarch                                           6.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
superlu_dist-mpich.x86_64                                         6.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
superlu_dist-mpich-devel.x86_64                                   6.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
superlu_dist-openmpi.x86_64                                       6.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
superlu_dist-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                 6.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
supermin.x86_64                                                   5.2.1-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
supermin-devel.x86_64                                             5.2.1-2.0.2.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                         AppStream 
supervisor.noarch                                                 4.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
supybot-fedora.noarch                                             0.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
supybot-koji.noarch                                               0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
supybot-meetbot.noarch                                            0.4-1.el8                                                         epel      
supybot-notify.noarch                                             0.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
suricata.x86_64                                                   6.0.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
sushi.x86_64                                                      3.28.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sushi-doc.noarch                                                  3.28.3-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
svgpart.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
svt-av1.x86_64                                                    0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
svt-av1-devel.x86_64                                              0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                                               0.8.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
svt-vp9.x86_64                                                    0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
svt-vp9-devel.x86_64                                              0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
svt-vp9-libs.x86_64                                               0.3.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
swaks.noarch                                                      20181104.0-5.el8                                                  epel      
swatch.noarch                                                     3.2.3-28.el8.1                                                    epel      
sweeper.x86_64                                                    22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
swift-lang.x86_64                                                 5.6.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
swig.x86_64                                                       3.0.12-19.module+an8.7.0+10871+959d9dcf                           AppStream 
swig-doc.noarch                                                   3.0.12-19.module+an8.7.0+10871+959d9dcf                           AppStream 
swig-gdb.x86_64                                                   3.0.12-19.module+an8.7.0+10871+959d9dcf                           AppStream 
switcheroo-control.x86_64                                         2.4-4.an8                                                         AppStream 
switchtec.x86_64                                                  3.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
switchtec-devel.x86_64                                            3.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
switchtec-doc.noarch                                              3.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
switchtec-libs.x86_64                                             3.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
sword.x86_64                                                      1.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
sword-devel.x86_64                                                1.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
sword-utils.x86_64                                                1.8.1-18.el8                                                      epel      
swtpm.x86_64                                                      0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd          AppStream 
swtpm-devel.x86_64                                                0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd          AppStream 
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                                 0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd          AppStream 
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                                0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd          AppStream 
swtpm-tools-pkcs11.x86_64                                         0.7.0-4.20211109gitb79fd91.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd          AppStream 
symlinks.x86_64                                                   1.4-19.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
symlinks-doc.noarch                                               1.4-19.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
sympa.x86_64                                                      6.2.72-2.el8                                                      epel      
sympa-devel-doc.x86_64                                            6.2.72-2.el8                                                      epel      
sympa-httpd.x86_64                                                6.2.72-2.el8                                                      epel      
sympa-lighttpd.x86_64                                             6.2.72-2.el8                                                      epel      
sympa-nginx.x86_64                                                6.2.72-2.el8                                                      epel      
syncthing.x86_64                                                  1.23.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
syncthing-tools.x86_64                                            1.23.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
synergy.x86_64                                                    1:1.14.3.5-1.el8                                                  epel      
sysbench.x86_64                                                   1.0.20-5.el8                                                      epel      
sysfsutils.x86_64                                                 2.1.0-25.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sysfsutils-doc.noarch                                             2.1.0-25.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                                          6.04-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                                 6.04-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
syslinux-tftpboot.noarch                                          6.04-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
syslog-ng.x86_64                                                  3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-amqp.x86_64                                             3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-devel.x86_64                                            3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-geoip.x86_64                                            3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-http.x86_64                                             3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-java.x86_64                                             3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-libdbi.x86_64                                           3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-logrotate.x86_64                                        3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-mongodb.x86_64                                          3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-python.x86_64                                           3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-redis.x86_64                                            3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-riemann.x86_64                                          3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
syslog-ng-smtp.x86_64                                             3.23.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
sysprof.x86_64                                                    3.40.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                                      3.40.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
sysprof-cli.x86_64                                                3.40.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sysprof-doc.noarch                                                3.40.1-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
sysstat.x86_64                                                    11.7.3-9.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
sysstat-doc.noarch                                                11.7.3-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
system-config-printer.x86_64                                      1.5.11-13.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
system-config-printer-doc.noarch                                  1.5.11-13.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                                 1.5.11-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                                 1.5.11-13.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
system-lsb.x86_64                                                 4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-core.x86_64                                            4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-cxx.x86_64                                             4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-desktop.x86_64                                         4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-languages.x86_64                                       4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-printing.x86_64                                        4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-submod-multimedia.x86_64                               4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                                 4.1-47.0.4.an8                                                    AppStream 
system-storage-manager.noarch                                     1.4-1.el8                                                         BaseOS    
systemd-container.x86_64                                          239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  BaseOS    
systemd-devel.x86_64                                              239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  BaseOS    
systemd-journal-remote.x86_64                                     239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  BaseOS    
systemd-networkd.x86_64                                           253.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
systemd-tests.x86_64                                              239-74.0.2.an8.3                                                  BaseOS    
systemd-timesyncd.x86_64                                          253.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
systemtap-exporter.x86_64                                         4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
systemtap-initscript.x86_64                                       4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-java.x86_64                                     4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-python3.x86_64                                  4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-virtguest.x86_64                                4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-virthost.x86_64                                 4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
systemtap-server.x86_64                                           4.8-2.an8                                                         AppStream 
sysusage.noarch                                                   5.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
sysusage-common.noarch                                            5.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
sysusage-httpd.noarch                                             5.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
sysusage-rsysusage.noarch                                         5.7-7.el8                                                         epel      
t1lib.x86_64                                                      5.1.2-28.el8                                                      epel      
t1lib-apps.x86_64                                                 5.1.2-28.el8                                                      epel      
t1lib-devel.x86_64                                                5.1.2-28.el8                                                      epel      
t1lib-static.x86_64                                               5.1.2-28.el8                                                      epel      
t1utils.x86_64                                                    1.42-1.el8                                                        epel      
tacacs.x86_64                                                     F4.0.4.28.7fb~20231005g4fdf178-2.el8                              epel      
tacacs-devel.x86_64                                               F4.0.4.28.7fb~20231005g4fdf178-2.el8                              epel      
tacacs-extra.x86_64                                               F4.0.4.28.7fb~20231005g4fdf178-2.el8                              epel      
tacacs-libs.x86_64                                                F4.0.4.28.7fb~20231005g4fdf178-2.el8                              epel      
taglib.x86_64                                                     1.11.1-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
taglib-devel.x86_64                                               1.11.1-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
taglib-extras.x86_64                                              1.0.1-21.el8                                                      epel      
taglib-extras-devel.x86_64                                        1.0.1-21.el8                                                      epel      
tagsoup.noarch                                                    1.2.1-15.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
tagsoup-doc.noarch                                                1.2.1-15.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
tang.x86_64                                                       7-6.an8                                                           AppStream 
tango-icon-theme.noarch                                           0.8.90-24.el8                                                     epel      
tar-doc.noarch                                                    2:1.30-9.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
tarantool.x86_64                                                  2.4.2.68-2.el8                                                    epel      
tarantool-devel.x86_64                                            2.4.2.68-2.el8                                                    epel      
target-restore.noarch                                             2.1.75-4.an8                                                      BaseOS    
targetcli.noarch                                                  2.1.53-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
targetcli-doc.noarch                                              2.1.53-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
targetd.noarch                                                    0.10.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
taskd.x86_64                                                      1.1.0-18.el8                                                      epel      
tayga.x86_64                                                      0.9.2-17.el8                                                      epel      
tbb-devel.x86_64                                                  2018.2-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
tbb-doc.x86_64                                                    2018.2-9.el8                                                      AppStream 
tboot.x86_64                                                      1:1.10.5-2.an8                                                    BaseOS    
tcl-brlapi.x86_64                                                 0.8.2-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
tcl-devel.x86_64                                                  1:8.6.8-2.el8                                                     BaseOS    
tcl-doc.noarch                                                    1:8.6.8-2.el8                                                     PowerTools
tcl-hamlib.x86_64                                                 4.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
tcl-mysqltcl.x86_64                                               3.052-17.el8                                                      epel      
tcl-tclnagios.noarch                                              1.3-5.el8                                                         epel      
tcl-tclreadline.x86_64                                            2.1.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
tcl-tclreadline-devel.x86_64                                      2.1.0-16.el8                                                      epel      
tcl-tclxml.x86_64                                                 3.2-26.el8                                                        epel      
tcl-tclxml-devel.x86_64                                           3.2-26.el8                                                        epel      
tcl-tclxml-gui.x86_64                                             3.2-26.el8                                                        epel      
tcl-thread.x86_64                                                 2.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
tcl-thread-devel.x86_64                                           2.8.8-1.el8                                                       epel      
tcl-xapian.x86_64                                                 1.4.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
tcllib.noarch                                                     1.19-3.el8                                                        epel      
tcltls.x86_64                                                     1.7.22-6.el8                                                      epel      
tcltls-devel.x86_64                                               1.7.22-6.el8                                                      epel      
tcp_wrappers.x86_64                                               7.6-96.el8                                                        epel      
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                          7.6-96.el8                                                        epel      
tcpdump.x86_64                                                    14:4.9.3-3.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
tcpdump-doc.noarch                                                14:4.9.3-3.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
tcpflow.x86_64                                                    1.6.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
tcpick.x86_64                                                     0.2.1-38.el8                                                      epel      
tcping.x86_64                                                     1.3.5-19.el8                                                      epel      
tcpreplay.x86_64                                                  4.4.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
tcsh.x86_64                                                       6.22.03-6.an8                                                     AppStream 
tdb-tools.x86_64                                                  1.4.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
teamd.x86_64                                                      1.31-4.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
teckit.x86_64                                                     2.5.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
teckit-doc.noarch                                                 2.5.8-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
teem.x86_64                                                       1.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
teem-devel.x86_64                                                 1.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
teem-examples.noarch                                              1.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
teem-libs.x86_64                                                  1.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
tegrarcm.x86_64                                                   1.8-5.el8                                                         epel      
telnet.x86_64                                                     1:0.17-76.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
telnet-doc.noarch                                                 1:0.17-76.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
telnet-server.x86_64                                              1:0.17-76.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
terminator.noarch                                                 1.92-2.el8                                                        epel      
terminology.x86_64                                                1.10.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
terminus-fonts.noarch                                             4.48-1.el8                                                        epel      
terminus-fonts-console.noarch                                     4.48-1.el8                                                        epel      
terminus-fonts-grub2.noarch                                       4.48-1.el8                                                        epel      
tesseract.x86_64                                                  4.1.1-2.an8                                                       AppStream 
tesseract-devel.x86_64                                            4.1.1-2.an8                                                       PowerTools
tesseract-langpack-afr.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-amh.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ara.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-asm.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-aze.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-aze_cyrl.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-bel.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ben.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-bod.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-bos.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-bre.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-bul.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-cat.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ceb.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ces.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-chi_sim.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-chi_sim_vert.noarch                            4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-chi_tra.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-chi_tra_vert.noarch                            4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-chr.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-cos.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-cym.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-dan.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-deu.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-div.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-dzo.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ell.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-enm.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-epo.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-est.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-eus.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-fao.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-fas.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-fil.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-fin.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-fra.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-frk.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-frm.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-fry.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-gla.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-gle.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-glg.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-grc.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-guj.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-hat.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-heb.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-hin.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-hrv.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-hun.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-hye.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-iku.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ind.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-isl.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ita.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ita_old.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-jav.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-jpn.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-jpn_vert.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kan.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kat.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kat_old.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kaz.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-khm.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kir.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kmr.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kor.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-kor_vert.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-lao.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-lat.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-lav.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-lit.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ltz.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mal.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mar.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mkd.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mlt.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mon.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mri.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-msa.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-mya.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-nep.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-nld.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-nor.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-oci.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ori.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-pan.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-pol.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-por.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-pus.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-que.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ron.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-rus.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-san.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-sin.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-slk.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-slv.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-snd.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-spa.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-spa_old.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-sqi.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-srp.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-srp_latn.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-sun.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-swa.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-swe.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-syr.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tam.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tat.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tel.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tgk.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tha.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tir.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ton.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-tur.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-uig.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-ukr.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-urd.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-uzb.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-uzb_cyrl.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-vie.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-yid.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-langpack-yor.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-osd.noarch                                              4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-arabic.noarch                                    4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-armenian.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-bengali.noarch                                   4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-canadian_aboriginal.noarch                       4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-cherokee.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-cyrillic.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-devanagari.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-ethiopic.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-fraktur.noarch                                   4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-georgian.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-greek.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-gujarati.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-gurmukhi.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hangul.noarch                                    4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hangul_vert.noarch                               4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hans.noarch                                      4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hans_vert.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hant.noarch                                      4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hant_vert.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-hebrew.noarch                                    4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-japanese.noarch                                  4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-japanese_vert.noarch                             4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-kannada.noarch                                   4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-khmer.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-lao.noarch                                       4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-latin.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-malayalam.noarch                                 4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-myanmar.noarch                                   4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-oriya.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-sinhala.noarch                                   4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-syriac.noarch                                    4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-tamil.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-telugu.noarch                                    4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-thaana.noarch                                    4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-thai.noarch                                      4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-tibetan.noarch                                   4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-script-vietnamese.noarch                                4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                                     4.0.0-6.el8                                                       epel      
testcloud.noarch                                                  0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
testdisk.x86_64                                                   7.1-4.el8                                                         epel      
testssl.noarch                                                    3.0.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
tex-fonts-hebrew.noarch                                           0.1-28.el8                                                        AppStream 
texi2html.noarch                                                  5.0-8.el8                                                         AppStream 
texinfo.x86_64                                                    6.5-7.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
texinfo-doc.noarch                                                6.5-7.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
texinfo-tex.x86_64                                                6.5-7.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
texlive.x86_64                                                    9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ae.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-algorithms.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-alphalph.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-amscls.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-amsmath.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-anysize.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-appendix.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-arphic.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-attachfile.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-atveryend.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                                       7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-auxhook.noarch                                            9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-avantgar.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-babel.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-babel-english.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-babel-german.noarch                                       7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-babelbib.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-base.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-beamer.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bera.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-beton.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bibunits.noarch                                           7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-bidi.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                                         9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bitset.noarch                                             9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bookman.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-bookmark.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-booktabs.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-breakurl.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-breqn.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-capt-of.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-caption.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-carlisle.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-catchfile.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-changebar.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-changepage.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-charter.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-chktex.x86_64                                             7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cite.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cjk.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-classpack.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cm.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cm-super.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cmap.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cmextra.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cns.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collectbox.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collection-htmlxml.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-colortbl.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-context.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-courier.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-crop.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-csquotes.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ctable.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ctie.x86_64                                               7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-currfile.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-cweb.x86_64                                               7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-datetime.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                             9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ec.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-eepic.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-emulateapj.noarch                                         7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-enctex.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-enumitem.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-environ.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-epsf.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-etex.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-euenc.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-euler.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-euro.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-eurosym.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-extsizes.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fancybox.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fancyref.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-filecontents.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-filehook.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-finstrut.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fix2col.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-float.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fncychap.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fontbook.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fontspec.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fontware.x86_64                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-footmisc.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fp.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-fpl.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-framed.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-geometry.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-german.noarch                                             7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-germbib.noarch                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                                     9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-glossaries-english.noarch                                 7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-glossaries-french.noarch                                  7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-glossaries-german.noarch                                  7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-graphics.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-grfext.noarch                                             9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-grffile.noarch                                            9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-helvetic.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                             9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hologo.noarch                                             9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hycolor.noarch                                            9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hyperref.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                                         7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-iftex.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-import.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-index.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-intcalc.noarch                                            9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-jadetex.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-kastrup.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-koma-script.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                                       9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-l3backend.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-l3build.noarch                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                                     9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-l3packages.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lacheck.x86_64                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-lastpage.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-latex.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-latex2man.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-latexbug.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                                        9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lettrine.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lib.x86_64                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lib-devel.x86_64                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-linegoal.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lineno.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-listings.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lm.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lm-math.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                                            9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                                     9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lualibs.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-luatex85.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-makecmds.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-marginnote.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-marvosym.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mathspec.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mathtools.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-media9.noarch                                             7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-memoir.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-metafont.x86_64                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-metalogo.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-metapost.x86_64                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-microtype.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-minitoc.noarch                                            9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-modes.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mparhack.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ms.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-multido.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-multirow.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-natbib.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ncctools.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-needspace.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-newfloat.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-nomencl.noarch                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-notoccite.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-obsolete.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ocgx2.noarch                                              7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-overpic.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-palatino.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-paralist.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-parallel.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-parskip.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-passivetex.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                                         9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pgf.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pgfplots.noarch                                           7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-philokalia.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-placeins.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-plain.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-powerdot.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-preprint.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ps2eps.x86_64                                             7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pslatex.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pspicture.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-math.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-node.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-text.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pstricks.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ptext.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-qstest.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-rcs.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-realscripts.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-refcount.noarch                                           9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                                     9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-revtex4.noarch                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-revtex4-1.noarch                                          7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-sansmath.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                                     9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-section.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-sectsty.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-seminar.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-setspace.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-showexpl.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-sidecap.noarch                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-siunitx.noarch                                            7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-soul.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-stringenc.noarch                                          9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-subfig.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-subfigure.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-supertabular.noarch                                       7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-symbol.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-t2.noarch                                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tabu.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tabulary.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tcolorbox.noarch                                          7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-tex.x86_64                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch                              9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-textcase.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-textpos.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                                     9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tie.x86_64                                                7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-times.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tipa.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-titlesec.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-titling.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tocloft.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-tools.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-translator.noarch                                         9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-txfonts.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-type1cm.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-typehtml.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                                           7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ucs.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-uhc.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-ulem.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-underscore.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                                      9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-unisugar.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-upquote.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-url.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-utopia.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-varwidth.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-wadalab.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-was.noarch                                                9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-wasy.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                                         9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-wasysym.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-web.x86_64                                                7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xecolor.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xeindex.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xepersian.noarch                                          9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xesearch.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                              9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                                     9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                                        9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                                      9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xifthen.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                             9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                                       9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xstring.noarch                                            9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xtab.noarch                                               9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-xunicode.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-yfonts.noarch                                             7:20180414-12.el8                                                 epel      
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-zapfding.noarch                                           9:20200406-26.0.2.an8                                             AppStream 
texlive-zref.noarch                                               9:20200406-25.0.1.an8                                             AppStream 
texmacs-fedora-fonts.noarch                                       2.1-1.el8                                                         epel      
texmaker.x86_64                                                   1:5.1.3-5.el8                                                     epel      
textern.x86_64                                                    0.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
tfdocgen.x86_64                                                   1:1.00-3.20220124gita9d4bf8.el8                                   epel      
tftp.x86_64                                                       5.2-26.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
tftp-doc.noarch                                                   5.2-26.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
tftp-server.x86_64                                                5.2-26.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                                 0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                                 0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                                0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-laksaman-fonts.noarch                               0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                                   0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                                 0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                                 0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                               0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                               0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch                         0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                             0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                               0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                                 0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                                  0.7.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
thc-ipv6.x86_64                                                   3.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
the_foundation.x86_64                                             1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
the_foundation-devel.x86_64                                       1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
the_foundation-doc.noarch                                         1.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
the_silver_searcher.x86_64                                        2.2.0^2020704.5a1c8d8-1.el8                                       epel      
theora-tools.x86_64                                               1:1.1.1-21.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
thermald.x86_64                                                   2.5.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
thermald-doc.noarch                                               2.5.1-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
thrift.x86_64                                                     0.13.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
thrift-devel.x86_64                                               0.13.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
thrift-glib.x86_64                                                0.13.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
thrift-qt.x86_64                                                  0.13.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
thttpd.x86_64                                                     2.29-4.el8                                                        epel      
thunar-archive-plugin.x86_64                                      0.4.0-26.el8                                                      epel      
thunar-volman.x86_64                                              4.16.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
thunderbird.x86_64                                                115.3.1-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts.noarch                                  1.901-20.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts-doc.noarch                              1.901-20.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
tidy.x86_64                                                       5.6.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
tig.x86_64                                                        2.4.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
tigervnc.x86_64                                                   1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                             1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tigervnc-license.noarch                                           1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tigervnc-selinux.noarch                                           1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tigervnc-server.x86_64                                            1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                                    1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tigervnc-server-module.x86_64                                     1.12.0-15.an8                                                     AppStream 
tilibs-devel.x86_64                                               1.19-3.20220202git8aae708.el8                                     epel      
tilp.x86_64                                                       1.19-2.20220201git752aef4.el8                                     epel      
time.x86_64                                                       1.9-3.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
time-doc.noarch                                                   1.9-3.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
timedatex.x86_64                                                  0.5-3.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
timedatex-doc.noarch                                              0.5-3.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
timeshift.x86_64                                                  22.11.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
tinc.x86_64                                                       1.0.36-2.el8                                                      epel      
tini.x86_64                                                       0.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
tini-static.x86_64                                                0.19.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
tinycdb.x86_64                                                    0.78-9.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
tinycdb-devel.x86_64                                              0.78-9.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
tinycdb-doc.noarch                                                0.78-9.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
tinydir-devel.noarch                                              1.2.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
tinyfugue.x86_64                                                  5.0-0.100.b8.el8                                                  epel      
tinyxml.x86_64                                                    2.6.2-19.el8                                                      epel      
tinyxml-devel.x86_64                                              2.6.2-19.el8                                                      epel      
tinyxml2.x86_64                                                   6.0.0-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
tinyxml2-devel.x86_64                                             6.0.0-3.el8                                                       AppStream 
tio.x86_64                                                        2.7-1.el8                                                         epel      
tito.noarch                                                       0.6.24-1.el8                                                      epel      
tix.x86_64                                                        1:8.4.3-23.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
tix-devel.x86_64                                                  1:8.4.3-23.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
tix-doc.x86_64                                                    1:8.4.3-23.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
tk.x86_64                                                         1:8.6.8-1.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
tk-devel.x86_64                                                   1:8.6.8-1.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
tk-doc.noarch                                                     1:8.6.8-1.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
tkrzw.x86_64                                                      1.0.27-1.el8                                                      epel      
tkrzw-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.27-1.el8                                                      epel      
tkrzw-doc.noarch                                                  1.0.27-1.el8                                                      epel      
tkrzw-libs.x86_64                                                 1.0.27-1.el8                                                      epel      
tldr.noarch                                                       1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
tlog.x86_64                                                       12.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
tlog-doc.noarch                                                   12.1-2.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
tlp.noarch                                                        1.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
tlp-rdw.noarch                                                    1.2.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
tmate.x86_64                                                      2.4.0-10.el8                                                      epel      
tmpwatch.x86_64                                                   2.11-14.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
tmpwatch-doc.noarch                                               2.11-14.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
tmt.noarch                                                        1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-all.noarch                                                    1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-provision-container.noarch                                    1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-provision-virtual.noarch                                      1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-report-html.noarch                                            1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-report-junit.noarch                                           1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-report-polarion.noarch                                        1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-report-reportportal.noarch                                    1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmt-test-convert.noarch                                           1.26.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
tmux.x86_64                                                       2.7-1.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
tmux-doc.noarch                                                   2.7-1.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
tmux-powerline.noarch                                             2.8.3-11.el8                                                      epel      
tng.x86_64                                                        1.8.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
tng-devel.x86_64                                                  1.8.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
tng-doc.noarch                                                    1.8.2-4.el8                                                       epel      
tofrodos.x86_64                                                   1.7.13-13.el8                                                     epel      
tog-pegasus.x86_64                                                2:2.14.1-46.0.3.an8                                               AppStream 
tog-pegasus-devel.x86_64                                          2:2.14.1-46.0.3.an8                                               AppStream 
tog-pegasus-doc.noarch                                            2:2.14.1-46.0.3.an8                                               PowerTools
tog-pegasus-libs.x86_64                                           2:2.14.1-46.0.3.an8                                               AppStream 
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                               1.4.48-10.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
tokyocabinet-devel.x86_64                                         1.4.48-10.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
tokyocabinet-devel-doc.noarch                                     1.4.48-10.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
tokyocabinet-doc.noarch                                           1.4.48-10.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
tolua++.x86_64                                                    1.0.93-35.el8                                                     epel      
tolua++-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.93-35.el8                                                     epel      
tomcat.noarch                                                     1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
tomcat-admin-webapps.noarch                                       1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
tomcat-docs-webapp.noarch                                         1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    PowerTools
tomcat-el-3.0-api.noarch                                          1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
tomcat-jsp-2.3-api.noarch                                         1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
tomcat-lib.noarch                                                 1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
tomcat-native.x86_64                                              1.2.35-1.el8                                                      epel      
tomcat-servlet-4.0-api.noarch                                     1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
tomcat-webapps.noarch                                             1:9.0.62-5.an8                                                    AppStream 
toml11-devel.x86_64                                               3.7.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
tomoe.x86_64                                                      0.6.0-43.el8                                                      epel      
tomoe-devel.x86_64                                                0.6.0-43.el8                                                      epel      
toolbox.x86_64                                                    0.0.99.3-7.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                      AppStream 
toolbox-tests.x86_64                                              0.0.99.3-7.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                      AppStream 
tor.x86_64                                                        0.4.8.7-1.el8                                                     epel      
torque.x86_64                                                     4.2.10-25.an8                                                     AppStream 
torque-devel.x86_64                                               4.2.10-25.an8                                                     AppStream 
torque-libs.x86_64                                                4.2.10-25.an8                                                     AppStream 
torrent-file-editor.x86_64                                        0.3.17-2.el8                                                      epel      
torsocks.x86_64                                                   2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
totem.x86_64                                                      1:3.38.2-1.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
totem-doc.noarch                                                  1:3.38.2-1.0.2.an8                                                PowerTools
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                                            3.26.6-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
totem-pl-parser-doc.noarch                                        3.26.6-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                                    1:3.38.2-1.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
tpm-quote-tools.x86_64                                            1.0.3-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
tpm-quote-tools-doc.noarch                                        1.0.3-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
tpm-tools.x86_64                                                  1.3.9.2-1.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
tpm-tools-devel.x86_64                                            1.3.9.2-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
tpm-tools-doc.noarch                                              1.3.9.2-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
tpm-tools-pkcs11.x86_64                                           1.3.9.2-1.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
tpm2-abrmd.x86_64                                                 2.3.3-3.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
tpm2-abrmd-devel.x86_64                                           2.3.3-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
tpm2-abrmd-doc.noarch                                             2.3.3-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
tpm2-abrmd-selinux.noarch                                         2.3.1-1.an8                                                       BaseOS    
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                                 4.1.1-5.0.4.an8                                                   BaseOS    
tpm2-tools-doc.noarch                                             4.1.1-5.0.4.an8                                                   PowerTools
tpm2-tss-devel.x86_64                                             2.3.2-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
tpm2-tss-doc.noarch                                               2.3.2-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
trace-cmd.x86_64                                                  2.7-10.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
trace-summary.noarch                                              0.89-1.el8                                                        epel      
tracer-common.noarch                                              0.7.5-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
traceroute.x86_64                                                 3:2.1.0-6.0.2.an8                                                 BaseOS    
traceroute-doc.noarch                                             3:2.1.0-6.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
tracker.x86_64                                                    3.1.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
tracker-devel.x86_64                                              3.1.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
tracker-doc.noarch                                                3.1.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
tracker-miners.x86_64                                             3.1.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
tracker-miners-doc.noarch                                         3.1.2-3.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
trademgen.x86_64                                                  1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
trademgen-devel.x86_64                                            1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
trademgen-doc.noarch                                              1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
trader.x86_64                                                     7.18-1.el8                                                        epel      
trafficserver.x86_64                                              9.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
trafficserver-devel.noarch                                        9.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
trafficserver-perl.noarch                                         9.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
trafficserver-selinux.noarch                                      9.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
transfig.x86_64                                                   1:3.2.6a-4.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
translate-shell.noarch                                            0.9.7.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
transmission.x86_64                                               3.00-1.el8                                                        epel      
transmission-cli.x86_64                                           3.00-1.el8                                                        epel      
transmission-common.x86_64                                        3.00-1.el8                                                        epel      
transmission-daemon.x86_64                                        3.00-1.el8                                                        epel      
transmission-gtk.x86_64                                           3.00-1.el8                                                        epel      
transmission-qt.x86_64                                            3.00-1.el8                                                        epel      
trash-cli.noarch                                                  0.21.4.18-2.el8                                                   epel      
travelccm.x86_64                                                  1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
travelccm-devel.x86_64                                            1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
travelccm-doc.noarch                                              1.00.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
tre.x86_64                                                        0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                                   epel      
tre-common.noarch                                                 0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                                   epel      
tre-devel.x86_64                                                  0.8.0-27.20140228gitc2f5d13.el8                                   epel      
tree.x86_64                                                       1.7.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tree-doc.noarch                                                   1.7.0-15.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
treescan.noarch                                                   4.72-1.el8                                                        epel      
tripwire.x86_64                                                   2.4.3.7-5.el8                                                     epel      
trojan.x86_64                                                     1.16.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
trousers-devel.x86_64                                             0.3.15-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
trousers-doc.noarch                                               0.3.15-1.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
tsl-sparse-map-devel.x86_64                                       0.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
tslib.x86_64                                                      1.22-4.el8                                                        epel      
tslib-devel.x86_64                                                1.22-4.el8                                                        epel      
tss2.x86_64                                                       1:1.6.0-1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
tss2-devel.x86_64                                                 1:1.6.0-1.an8                                                     AppStream 
tsung.x86_64                                                      1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
tsung-doc.noarch                                                  1.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
ttf2pt1.x86_64                                                    3.4.4-32.el8                                                      epel      
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                                   3.0.9-54.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ttmkfdir-doc.noarch                                               3.0.9-54.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
tumbler.x86_64                                                    0.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
tumbler-devel.x86_64                                              0.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
tumbler-extras.x86_64                                             0.2.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
tuna.noarch                                                       0.18-6.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
tuna-doc.noarch                                                   0.18-6.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
tuned.noarch                                                      2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tuned-gtk.noarch                                                  2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
tuned-profiles-atomic.noarch                                      2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-compat.noarch                                      2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-cpu-partitioning.noarch                            2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-mssql.noarch                                       2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-oracle.noarch                                      2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
tuned-utils.noarch                                                2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
tuned-utils-systemtap.noarch                                      2.20.0-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
tuptime.noarch                                                    5.2.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
turbojpeg.x86_64                                                  2.0.90-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
turbojpeg-devel.x86_64                                            2.0.90-6.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
twa.noarch                                                        1.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
tweak.x86_64                                                      3.02-15.el8                                                       epel      
twine.noarch                                                      2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
twolame.x86_64                                                    0.3.13-12.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
twolame-devel.x86_64                                              0.3.13-12.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
twolame-doc.noarch                                                0.3.13-12.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
twolame-libs.x86_64                                               0.3.13-12.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
txt2man.noarch                                                    1.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
txt2regex.noarch                                                  0.9-1.el8                                                         epel      
txt2tags.noarch                                                   2.5-23.el8                                                        epel      
uARMSolver.x86_64                                                 0.2.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
uClibc-devel.x86_64                                               0.9.33.2-25.el8                                                   epel      
uberftp.x86_64                                                    2.9.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
ubloxcfg.x86_64                                                   1.13-2.20220420gita46d97c.el8                                     epel      
ubloxcfg-devel.x86_64                                             1.13-2.20220420gita46d97c.el8                                     epel      
ubloxcfg-doc.noarch                                               1.13-2.20220420gita46d97c.el8                                     epel      
ucarp.x86_64                                                      1.5.2-33.el8                                                      epel      
uchardet.x86_64                                                   0.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
uchardet-devel.x86_64                                             0.0.6-9.el8                                                       epel      
ucl.x86_64                                                        1.03-27.el8                                                       epel      
ucl-devel.x86_64                                                  1.03-27.el8                                                       epel      
ucommon.x86_64                                                    7.0.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
ucommon-bin.x86_64                                                7.0.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
ucommon-devel.x86_64                                              7.0.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
ucommon-doc.x86_64                                                7.0.0-20.el8                                                      epel      
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                                        0.3-17.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
ucs-miscfixed-fonts-doc.noarch                                    0.3-17.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
ucview.x86_64                                                     0.33-19.el8                                                       epel      
ucview-devel.x86_64                                               0.33-19.el8                                                       epel      
ucx.x86_64                                                        1.13.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ucx-cma.x86_64                                                    1.13.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ucx-devel.x86_64                                                  1.13.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ucx-ib.x86_64                                                     1.13.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
ucx-rdmacm.x86_64                                                 1.13.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
udftools.x86_64                                                   2.2-5.an8                                                         AppStream 
udica.noarch                                                      0.2.6-20.module+an8.8.0+11084+6fc06be3                            AppStream 
udisks2.x86_64                                                    2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
udisks2-doc.noarch                                                2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                              2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
udisks2-lsm.x86_64                                                2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                               2.9.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
udns.x86_64                                                       0.4-13.el8                                                        epel      
udns-devel.x86_64                                                 0.4-13.el8                                                        epel      
udt.x86_64                                                        4.11-13.el8                                                       epel      
udt-devel.x86_64                                                  4.11-13.el8                                                       epel      
udunits2.x86_64                                                   2.2.26-5.el8                                                      epel      
udunits2-devel.x86_64                                             2.2.26-5.el8                                                      epel      
ufdbGuard.x86_64                                                  1.35.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
ufw.noarch                                                        0.35-14.el8                                                       epel      
uglify-js.noarch                                                  2.8.29-4.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
uglify-js3.noarch                                                 3.17.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
uhd.x86_64                                                        3.15.0.0-0.1.rc2.el8                                              epel      
uhd-devel.x86_64                                                  3.15.0.0-0.1.rc2.el8                                              epel      
uhd-doc.noarch                                                    3.15.0.0-0.1.rc2.el8                                              epel      
uhd-firmware.noarch                                               3.15.0.0-0.1.rc2.el8                                              epel      
uhd-tools.x86_64                                                  3.15.0.0-0.1.rc2.el8                                              epel      
uhubctl.x86_64                                                    2.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
uid_wrapper.x86_64                                                1.2.4-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
ultimarc.x86_64                                                   1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ultimarc-devel.x86_64                                             1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
ultimarc-libs.x86_64                                              1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
umbrello.x86_64                                                   22.04.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
umockdev.x86_64                                                   0.15.4-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
umockdev-doc.noarch                                               0.15.4-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
umr.x86_64                                                        1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
umr-devel.x86_64                                                  1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
unar.x86_64                                                       1.10.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
unbound.x86_64                                                    1.16.2-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
unbound-devel.x86_64                                              1.16.2-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
uncrustify.x86_64                                                 0.72.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
unibilium.x86_64                                                  2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
unibilium-devel.x86_64                                            2.0.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
unicode-ucd.noarch                                                11.0.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
unicode-ucd-doc.noarch                                            11.0.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
unicode-ucd-unihan.noarch                                         11.0.0-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
unicornscan.x86_64                                                0.4.7-31.el8                                                      epel      
units.x86_64                                                      2.17-5.0.1.an8                                                    BaseOS    
units-doc.noarch                                                  2.17-5.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
unittest-cpp.x86_64                                               2.0.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
unittest-cpp-devel.x86_64                                         2.0.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
unittest-cpp-static.x86_64                                        2.0.0-9.el8                                                       epel      
univocity-parsers.noarch                                          2.8.4-3.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                             AppStream 
unixODBC.x86_64                                                   2.3.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
unixODBC-devel.x86_64                                             2.3.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
unixODBC-doc.noarch                                               2.3.7-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
unoconv.noarch                                                    0.9.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
unrar.x86_64                                                      0.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
unrar-free.x86_64                                                 0.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
unrealircd.x86_64                                                 6.1.1.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
unrealircd-maxmind.x86_64                                         6.1.1.1-1.el8                                                     epel      
unuran.x86_64                                                     1.8.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
unuran-devel.x86_64                                               1.8.1-7.el8                                                       epel      
unzip-doc.noarch                                                  6.0-46.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
unzoo.x86_64                                                      4.4-27.el8                                                        epel      
up-imapproxy.x86_64                                               1.2.8-0.17.20171022svn14722.el8                                   epel      
uperf.x86_64                                                      1.0.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
upower.x86_64                                                     0.99.14-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
upower-devel.x86_64                                               0.99.14-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
upower-devel-docs.noarch                                          0.99.14-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
upower-doc.noarch                                                 0.99.14-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
uptimed.x86_64                                                    0.4.6-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
uptimed-devel.x86_64                                              0.4.6-1.el8.1                                                     epel      
upx.x86_64                                                        3.96-9.el8                                                        epel      
urdfdom.x86_64                                                    1.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
urdfdom-devel.x86_64                                              1.0.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
urdfdom-headers-devel.noarch                                      1.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
uriparser.x86_64                                                  0.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
uriparser-devel.x86_64                                            0.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
uriparser-doc.noarch                                              0.9.7-1.el8                                                       epel      
urlbuster.noarch                                                  0.5.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
urlview.x86_64                                                    0.9-23.20131022git08767a.0.1.an8                                  AppStream 
urlview-doc.noarch                                                0.9-23.20131022git08767a.0.1.an8                                  PowerTools
urw-base35-fonts-devel.noarch                                     20200910-6.an8                                                    AppStream 
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                             2.5.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                                        20191128-1.0.1.an8                                                BaseOS    
usb_modeswitch-data-doc.noarch                                    20191128-1.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
usb_modeswitch-doc.noarch                                         2.5.2-1.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
usbauth.x86_64                                                    1.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
usbauth-notifier.x86_64                                           1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
usbguard.x86_64                                                   1.0.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
usbguard-dbus.x86_64                                              1.0.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
usbguard-notifier.x86_64                                          1.0.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
usbguard-selinux.noarch                                           1.0.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
usbguard-tools.x86_64                                             1.0.0-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
usbmuxd.x86_64                                                    1.1.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
usbredir.x86_64                                                   0.13.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
usbredir-devel.x86_64                                             0.13.0-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
usbutils.x86_64                                                   010-3.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
usbutils-doc.noarch                                               010-3.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
usermode.x86_64                                                   1.113-2.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
usermode-doc.noarch                                               1.113-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
usermode-gtk.x86_64                                               1.113-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                              0.10.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  BaseOS    
userspace-rcu-devel.x86_64                                        0.10.1-4.0.3.an8                                                  AppStream 
usrsctp.x86_64                                                    1:0.9.5.0-2.el8                                                   epel      
usrsctp-devel.x86_64                                              1:0.9.5.0-2.el8                                                   epel      
ustl.x86_64                                                       2.8-3.el8                                                         epel      
ustl-devel.x86_64                                                 2.8-3.el8                                                         epel      
ustr.x86_64                                                       1.0.4-26.el8                                                      AppStream 
utf8cpp-devel.noarch                                              2.3.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
utf8proc.x86_64                                                   2.6.1-3.module+an8.7.0+11017+0a65731c                             AppStream 
uthash-devel.noarch                                               2.0.2-4.el8                                                       AppStream 
uthash-doc.noarch                                                 2.0.2-4.el8                                                       PowerTools
util-linux-user.x86_64                                            2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
uuid.x86_64                                                       1.6.2-43.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
uuid-devel.x86_64                                                 1.6.2-43.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
uuid-doc.noarch                                                   1.6.2-43.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
uuidd.x86_64                                                      2.32.1-42.0.1.an8                                                 BaseOS    
uw-imap.x86_64                                                    2007f-24.el8                                                      epel      
uw-imap-devel.x86_64                                              2007f-24.el8                                                      epel      
uw-imap-static.x86_64                                             2007f-24.el8                                                      epel      
uw-imap-utils.x86_64                                              2007f-24.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi.x86_64                                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-alarm-curl.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-alarm-xmpp.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-devel.x86_64                                                2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-docs.x86_64                                                 2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-emperor-amqp.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-emperor-pg.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-emperor-zeromq.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-log-encoder-msgpack.x86_64                                  2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-crypto.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-file.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-graylog2.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-pipe.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-redis.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-rsyslog.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-socket.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-syslog.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-systemd.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-logger-zeromq.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-airbrake.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-cache.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-carbon.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-cheaper-busyness.x86_64                              2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-common.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-coroae.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-cplusplus.x86_64                                     2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-curl-cron.x86_64                                     2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-dumbloop.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-dummy.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-fiber.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-gccgo.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-geoip.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-glusterfs.x86_64                                     2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-ldap.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-lua.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-mongrel2.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-mono.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-nagios.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-notfound.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-pam.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-php.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-psgi.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-pty.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-python3.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-python3-gevent.x86_64                                2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-python3-greenlet.x86_64                              2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-python3-tornado.x86_64                               2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-rack.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-rbthreads.x86_64                                     2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-rpc.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-rrdtool.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-ruby.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-spooler.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-sqlite3.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-ssi.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-ugreen.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-webdav.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-xattr.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-xslt.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-plugin-zergpool.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-basicauth.x86_64                                     2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-cache.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-expires.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-fast.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-forkpty.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-hash.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-http.x86_64                                          2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-memcached.x86_64                                     2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-metrics.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-radius.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-raw.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-redirect.x86_64                                      2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-redis.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-rewrite.x86_64                                       2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-spnego.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-ssl.x86_64                                           2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-static.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-tuntap.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-uwsgi.x86_64                                         2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-router-xmldir.x86_64                                        2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-stats-pusher-file.x86_64                                    2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-stats-pusher-socket.x86_64                                  2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-stats-pusher-statsd.x86_64                                  2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-stats-pusher-zabbix.x86_64                                  2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-transformation-chunked.x86_64                               2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-transformation-gzip.x86_64                                  2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-transformation-offload.x86_64                               2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-transformation-template.x86_64                              2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-transformation-tofile.x86_64                                2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
uwsgi-transformation-toupper.x86_64                               2.0.21-2.el8                                                      epel      
v-hacd-devel.noarch                                               4.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
v-hacd-tools.x86_64                                               4.1.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
vala.x86_64                                                       0.48.19-1.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
vala-doc.noarch                                                   0.48.19-1.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                                            2.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
vamp-plugin-sdk-devel.x86_64                                      2.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
vamp-plugin-sdk-static.x86_64                                     2.8.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
vapoursynth-devel.x86_64                                          51-1.el8                                                          epel      
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                                           51-1.el8                                                          epel      
vapoursynth-plugins.x86_64                                        51-1.el8                                                          epel      
vapoursynth-tools.x86_64                                          51-1.el8                                                          epel      
varnish.x86_64                                                    6.0.8-2.module+an8.7.0+11004+af6bbc0a.1                           AppStream 
varnish-devel.x86_64                                              6.0.8-2.module+an8.7.0+11004+af6bbc0a.1                           AppStream 
varnish-docs.x86_64                                               6.0.8-2.module+an8.7.0+11004+af6bbc0a.1                           AppStream 
varnish-modules.x86_64                                            0.15.0-6.module+an8.7.0+10957+54447524                            AppStream 
vcdimager.x86_64                                                  2.0.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
vcdimager-devel.x86_64                                            2.0.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
vcdimager-libs.x86_64                                             2.0.1-16.el8                                                      epel      
vcftools.x86_64                                                   0.1.16-5.el8                                                      epel      
vcs-diff-lint.noarch                                              4-2.el8                                                           epel      
vdo.x86_64                                                        6.2.7.17-14.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
vdo-support.x86_64                                                6.2.7.17-14.0.1.an8                                               BaseOS    
vdpauinfo.x86_64                                                  1.0-10.el8                                                        epel      
verilator.x86_64                                                  4.028-1.el8                                                       epel      
veristat.x86_64                                                   0.1-3.el8                                                         epel      
veritysetup.x86_64                                                2.3.7-5.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
vhostmd.x86_64                                                    1.1-5.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
vhostmd-doc.noarch                                                1.1-5.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
vid.stab.x86_64                                                   1.1.0-12.20190213gitaeabc8d.el8                                   epel      
vid.stab-devel.x86_64                                             1.1.0-12.20190213gitaeabc8d.el8                                   epel      
vifm.x86_64                                                       0.10.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
vile.x86_64                                                       9.8t-4.el8                                                        epel      
vile-common.x86_64                                                9.8t-4.el8                                                        epel      
vim-X11.x86_64                                                    2:8.0.1763-19.0.1.an8_6.4                                         AppStream 
vim-airline.noarch                                                0.11-9.el8                                                        epel      
vim-ale.noarch                                                    3.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
vim-ansible.noarch                                                3.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
vim-devicons.noarch                                               0.11.0-0.20221001git71f239a.13.el8                                epel      
vim-editorconfig.noarch                                           1.1.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
vim-fugitive.noarch                                               3.7-4.el8                                                         epel      
vim-fugitive-gitlab.noarch                                        0~20220701gitb73a8e-3.el8                                         epel      
vim-gitgutter.noarch                                              0-12.20230901gitf7b9766.15.el8                                    epel      
vim-go.x86_64                                                     1.26-1.el8                                                        epel      
vim-gv.noarch                                                     0-15.el8                                                          epel      
vim-halibut.noarch                                                1.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
vim-jellybeans.noarch                                             1.7-3.el8                                                         epel      
vim-nerdtree-git-plugin.noarch                                    0-9.20210818gite1fe727.el8                                        epel      
vim-pathogen.noarch                                               0-2.20181213gite9fb091.el8                                        epel      
vim-powerline.noarch                                              2.8.3-11.el8                                                      epel      
vim-trailing-whitespace.noarch                                    1.0-9.20230228git5540b3f.11.el8                                   epel      
vinagre.x86_64                                                    3.22.0-23.0.2.an8                                                 AppStream 
vinagre-doc.noarch                                                3.22.0-23.0.2.an8                                                 PowerTools
vino.x86_64                                                       3.22.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 AppStream 
vino-doc.noarch                                                   3.22.0-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
virglrenderer.x86_64                                              0.8.0-1.20191002git4ac3a04c.el8                                   epel      
virglrenderer-devel.x86_64                                        0.8.0-1.20191002git4ac3a04c.el8                                   epel      
virglrenderer-test-server.x86_64                                  0.8.0-1.20191002git4ac3a04c.el8                                   epel      
virt-backup.noarch                                                0.2.25-3.el8                                                      epel      
virt-dib.x86_64                                                   1:1.44.0-9.0.1.module+an8.8.0+11106+f187d0fd                      AppStream 
virt-install.noarch                                               4.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
virt-manager.noarch                                               4.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
virt-manager-common.noarch                                        4.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
virt-p2v-maker.x86_64                                             1:1.42.0-5.0.2.an8                                                AppStream 
virt-top.x86_64                                                   1.0.8-37.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
virt-v2v.x86_64                                                   1:1.42.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11068+fffcc9a2                         AppStream 
virt-v2v-bash-completion.noarch                                   1:1.42.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11068+fffcc9a2                         AppStream 
virt-v2v-man-pages-ja.noarch                                      1:1.42.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11068+fffcc9a2                         AppStream 
virt-v2v-man-pages-uk.noarch                                      1:1.42.0-22.module+an8.8.0+11068+fffcc9a2                         AppStream 
virt-viewer.x86_64                                                11.0-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
virt-what.x86_64                                                  1.25-3.an8                                                        BaseOS    
virtio-win.noarch                                                 1.9.24-2.an8_5                                                    AppStream 
vkd3d-compiler.x86_64                                             1.2-3.el8                                                         epel      
vlgothic-fonts.noarch                                             20141206-15.el8.1                                                 epel      
vlgothic-p-fonts.noarch                                           20141206-15.el8.1                                                 epel      
vm-dump-metrics.x86_64                                            1.1-5.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
vm-dump-metrics-devel.x86_64                                      1.1-5.0.1.an8                                                     BaseOS    
vmaf.x86_64                                                       1.3.15-2.el8                                                      epel      
vmtouch.x86_64                                                    1.3.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
vnstat.x86_64                                                     2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
vnstat-vnstati.x86_64                                             2.9-2.el8                                                         epel      
voikko-tools.x86_64                                               4.1.1-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
volume_key.x86_64                                                 0.3.11-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
volume_key-devel.x86_64                                           0.3.11-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                                            0.3.11-5.el8                                                      AppStream 
voms.x86_64                                                       2.1.0-0.31.rc3.el8                                                epel      
voms-api-java.noarch                                              3.3.2-11.el8                                                      epel      
voms-api-java-javadoc.noarch                                      3.3.2-11.el8                                                      epel      
voms-clients-cpp.x86_64                                           2.1.0-0.31.rc3.el8                                                epel      
voms-clients-java.noarch                                          3.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
voms-devel.x86_64                                                 2.1.0-0.31.rc3.el8                                                epel      
voms-doc.noarch                                                   2.1.0-0.31.rc3.el8                                                epel      
voms-mysql-plugin.x86_64                                          3.1.7-8.el8                                                       epel      
voms-server.x86_64                                                2.1.0-0.31.rc3.el8                                                epel      
vorbis-tools.x86_64                                               1:1.4.0-28.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
vorbis-tools-doc.noarch                                           1:1.4.0-28.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
voro++.x86_64                                                     0.4.6-19.el8                                                      epel      
voro++-devel.x86_64                                               0.4.6-19.el8                                                      epel      
voro++-doc.noarch                                                 0.4.6-19.el8                                                      epel      
votca-csg.x86_64                                                  1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-csg-bash.noarch                                             1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-csg-common.noarch                                           1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-csg-devel.x86_64                                            1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-csg-doc.noarch                                              1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-csg-libs.x86_64                                             1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-tools.x86_64                                                1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-tools-devel.x86_64                                          1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-xtp.x86_64                                                  1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-xtp-common.noarch                                           1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-xtp-devel.x86_64                                            1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
votca-xtp-libs.x86_64                                             1.6.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
vpnc-script.noarch                                                20220404-1.git40a8c62c.el8                                        epel      
vrms-rpm.x86_64                                                   2.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
vsftpd.x86_64                                                     3.0.3-35.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
vtable-dumper.x86_64                                              1.2-10.el8                                                        epel      
vte-profile.x86_64                                                0.52.4-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
vte291.x86_64                                                     0.52.4-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
vte291-devel.x86_64                                               0.52.4-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
vte291-doc.noarch                                                 0.52.4-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
vtk.x86_64                                                        9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-data.noarch                                                   9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-devel.x86_64                                                  9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-examples.x86_64                                               9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-java.x86_64                                                   9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-mpich.x86_64                                                  9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-mpich-devel.x86_64                                            9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-mpich-java.x86_64                                             9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-mpich-qt.x86_64                                               9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-openmpi.x86_64                                                9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-openmpi-devel.x86_64                                          9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-openmpi-java.x86_64                                           9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-openmpi-qt.x86_64                                             9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-qt.x86_64                                                     9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vtk-testing.x86_64                                                9.0.1-10.el8                                                      epel      
vulkan-headers.noarch                                             1.3.239.0-2.an8                                                   AppStream 
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                              1.3.239.0-1.an8                                                   AppStream 
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                                        1.3.239.0-1.an8                                                   AppStream 
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                               1.3.239.0-1.an8                                                   AppStream 
vulkan-validation-layers.x86_64                                   1.3.239.0-2.an8                                                   AppStream 
vym.x86_64                                                        2.8.8-6.el8                                                       epel      
w3m.x86_64                                                        0.5.3-60.git20230121.el8                                          epel      
w3m-img.x86_64                                                    0.5.3-60.git20230121.el8                                          epel      
wad.noarch                                                        0.4.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
waf.noarch                                                        2.0.25-1.el8                                                      epel      
waf-doc.noarch                                                    2.0.25-1.el8                                                      epel      
wafw00f.noarch                                                    2.1.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
waiverdb-cli.noarch                                               1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
waiverdb-common.noarch                                            1.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
wapiti.noarch                                                     3.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
wasmedge.x86_64                                                   0.13.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
wasmedge-devel.x86_64                                             0.13.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
wasmedge-rt.x86_64                                                0.13.4-1.el8                                                      epel      
watchdog.x86_64                                                   5.16-2.an8                                                        BaseOS    
wavemon.x86_64                                                    0.9.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wavpack.x86_64                                                    5.4.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
wavpack-devel.x86_64                                              5.4.0-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
wayland-devel.x86_64                                              1.21.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
wayland-doc.noarch                                                1.21.0-1.an8                                                      PowerTools
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                                    1.25-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
wcd.x86_64                                                        6.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
wcd-doc.noarch                                                    6.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
wcslib.x86_64                                                     7.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
wcslib-devel.x86_64                                               7.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
wcslib-utils.x86_64                                               7.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
wcstools.x86_64                                                   3.9.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
wcstools-devel.x86_64                                             3.9.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
wcstools-libs.x86_64                                              3.9.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
wdiff.x86_64                                                      1.2.2-42.el8                                                      epel      
web-assets-devel.noarch                                           5-7.el8                                                           AppStream 
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                                      5-7.el8                                                           AppStream 
webalizer.x86_64                                                  2.23_08-15.el8                                                    epel      
webextension-token-signing.x86_64                                 1.1.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
webfts.noarch                                                     2.2.11-1.el8                                                      epel      
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                                2.38.5-1.0.1.an8.5                                                AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                                          2.38.5-1.0.1.an8.5                                                AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-doc.noarch                                            2.36.7-1.0.2.an8.3                                                PowerTools
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                                            2.38.5-1.0.1.an8.5                                                AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                                      2.38.5-1.0.1.an8.5                                                AppStream 
webp-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                                         0.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                                    0.3.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
webrtc-audio-processing-devel.x86_64                              0.3.1-8.an8                                                       AppStream 
websocketpp-devel.noarch                                          0.8.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
websvn.noarch                                                     2.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
websvn-selinux.noarch                                             2.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
webtech.noarch                                                    1.2.7-6.el8                                                       epel      
weechat.x86_64                                                    3.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
weechat-devel.x86_64                                              3.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
weldr-client.x86_64                                               35.9-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
wemux.noarch                                                      3.2.0-17.el8                                                      epel      
wfuzz.noarch                                                      2.4.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
wfuzz-doc.noarch                                                  2.4.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
wget-doc.noarch                                                   1.19.5-11.0.1.an8                                                 PowerTools
wgrib.x86_64                                                      1.8.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
wgrib2.x86_64                                                     3.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
whatweb.noarch                                                    0.5.5-4.el8                                                       epel      
which-doc.noarch                                                  2.21-18.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
whichfont.x86_64                                                  1.0.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
whois.x86_64                                                      5.5.9-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
whois-nls.noarch                                                  5.5.9-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
whowatch.x86_64                                                   1.8.6-5.el8                                                       epel      
whsniff.x86_64                                                    1.2-1.el8                                                         epel      
wide-dhcpv6.x86_64                                                20080615-23.1.el8                                                 epel      
wildmidi.x86_64                                                   0.4.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
wildmidi-devel.x86_64                                             0.4.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
wildmidi-libs.x86_64                                              0.4.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
will-crash.x86_64                                                 0.12-3.el8                                                        epel      
wimlib.x86_64                                                     1.13.6-3.el8                                                      epel      
wimlib-devel.x86_64                                               1.13.6-3.el8                                                      epel      
wimlib-utils.x86_64                                               1.13.6-3.el8                                                      epel      
wine.x86_64                                                       6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-alsa.x86_64                                                  6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-cms.x86_64                                                   6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-common.noarch                                                6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-core.x86_64                                                  6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-courier-fonts.noarch                                         6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-desktop.noarch                                               6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-devel.x86_64                                                 6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-filesystem.noarch                                            6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-fixedsys-fonts.noarch                                        6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-fonts.noarch                                                 6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-ldap.x86_64                                                  6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-marlett-fonts.noarch                                         6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-ms-sans-serif-fonts.noarch                                   6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-openal.x86_64                                                6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-pulseaudio.x86_64                                            6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-small-fonts.noarch                                           6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-symbol-fonts.noarch                                          6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-system-fonts.noarch                                          6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-systemd.noarch                                               6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-tahoma-fonts.noarch                                          6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-tahoma-fonts-system.noarch                                   6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-twain.x86_64                                                 6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-webdings-fonts.noarch                                        6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-wingdings-fonts.noarch                                       6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
wine-wingdings-fonts-system.noarch                                6.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
winetricks.noarch                                                 20191224-1.el8                                                    epel      
wireguard-tools.x86_64                                            1.0.20210914-1.el8                                                epel      
wireshark.x86_64                                                  1:2.6.2-15.an8                                                    AppStream 
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                              1:2.6.2-15.an8                                                    AppStream 
wireshark-devel.x86_64                                            1:2.6.2-15.an8                                                    AppStream 
wmctrl.x86_64                                                     1.07-27.el8                                                       epel      
wob.x86_64                                                        0.11-2.el8                                                        epel      
wodim.x86_64                                                      1.1.11-39.el8                                                     AppStream 
woff.x86_64                                                       0.20091126-35.el8                                                 epel      
woff2.x86_64                                                      1.0.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
woff2-devel.x86_64                                                1.0.2-5.an8                                                       AppStream 
wol.x86_64                                                        0.7.1-23.el8                                                      epel      
words.noarch                                                      3.0-28.el8                                                        BaseOS    
worker.x86_64                                                     4.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                             1:2.10-1.an8                                                      BaseOS    
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                             1.10.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
wpebackend-fdo-devel.x86_64                                       1.10.0-3.an8                                                      PowerTools
wqy-microhei-fonts.noarch                                         0.2.0-0.22.beta.el8                                               AppStream 
wqy-unibit-fonts.noarch                                           1.1.0-20.el8                                                      AppStream 
wsdd.noarch                                                       0.7.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
wsjtx.x86_64                                                      2.2.2-6.el8                                                       epel      
wsmancli.x86_64                                                   2.6.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
wsmancli-doc.noarch                                               2.6.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
wxBase3.x86_64                                                    3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxBase3-devel.x86_64                                              3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3.x86_64                                                     3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3-devel.x86_64                                               3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3-docs.noarch                                                3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3-gl.x86_64                                                  3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3-i18n.noarch                                                3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3-media.x86_64                                               3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wxGTK3-webview.x86_64                                             3.0.4-11.el8                                                      epel      
wyhash-devel.x86_64                                               final1-1.20210311gitwyhash_final.el8                              epel      
wyhash-doc.noarch                                                 final1-1.20210311gitwyhash_final.el8                              epel      
x11vnc.x86_64                                                     0.9.16-3.el8                                                      epel      
x2goagent.x86_64                                                  4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x2goclient.x86_64                                                 4.1.2.3-1.el8                                                     epel      
x2godesktopsharing.x86_64                                         3.2.0.0-4.el8                                                     epel      
x2goserver.x86_64                                                 4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x2goserver-common.noarch                                          4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x2goserver-desktopsharing.x86_64                                  4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x2goserver-fmbindings.x86_64                                      4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x2goserver-printing.x86_64                                        4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x2goserver-xsession.noarch                                        4.1.0.3-17.el8.1                                                  epel      
x3270.x86_64                                                      3.6ga5-1.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
x3270-doc.noarch                                                  3.6ga5-1.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
x3270-text.x86_64                                                 3.6ga5-1.0.2.an8                                                  BaseOS    
x3270-x11.x86_64                                                  3.6ga5-1.0.2.an8                                                  AppStream 
x509viewer.noarch                                                 0.1.0-5.el8                                                       epel      
x509watch.noarch                                                  0.6.1-6.el8                                                       epel      
xa.x86_64                                                         2.3.13-1.el8                                                      epel      
xalan-c.x86_64                                                    1.12.0-10.el8                                                     epel      
xalan-c-devel.x86_64                                              1.12.0-10.el8                                                     epel      
xalan-c-doc.x86_64                                                1.12.0-10.el8                                                     epel      
xapian-bindings.x86_64                                            1.4.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
xapian-bindings-ruby.x86_64                                       1.4.14-1.el8                                                      epel      
xapian-core.x86_64                                                1.4.18-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xapian-core-devel.x86_64                                          1.4.18-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xapian-core-doc.noarch                                            1.4.18-3.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                                           1.4.18-3.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xar.x86_64                                                        1.8.0.417.1-2.el8                                                 epel      
xar-devel.x86_64                                                  1.8.0.417.1-2.el8                                                 epel      
xbae.x86_64                                                       4.60.4-33.el8                                                     epel      
xbae-devel.x86_64                                                 4.60.4-33.el8                                                     epel      
xbanish.x86_64                                                    1.8-1.el8                                                         epel      
xbar.x86_64                                                       0.0.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xbg.x86_64                                                        0.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
xcalc.x86_64                                                      1.1.0-4.el8                                                       epel      
xcb-proto.noarch                                                  1.13-4.el8                                                        AppStream 
xcb-util.x86_64                                                   0.4.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                                            0.1.3-9.el8                                                       epel      
xcb-util-cursor-devel.x86_64                                      0.1.3-9.el8                                                       epel      
xcb-util-devel.x86_64                                             0.4.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xcb-util-doc.noarch                                               0.4.0-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                             0.4.0-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xcb-util-image-devel.x86_64                                       0.4.0-9.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xcb-util-image-doc.noarch                                         0.4.0-9.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                                           0.4.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xcb-util-keysyms-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xcb-util-keysyms-doc.noarch                                       0.4.0-7.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                                        0.3.9-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xcb-util-renderutil-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.9-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xcb-util-renderutil-doc.noarch                                    0.3.9-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                                0.4.1-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xcb-util-wm-devel.x86_64                                          0.4.1-12.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xcb-util-wm-doc.noarch                                            0.4.1-12.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xclip.x86_64                                                      0.13-8.el8                                                        epel      
xcompmgr.x86_64                                                   1.1.8-2.el8                                                       epel      
xdelta.x86_64                                                     3.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
xdelta-doc.noarch                                                 3.1.0-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                                         1.8.1-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                                   41.2-2.an8                                                        AppStream 
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                                     1.12.0-3.an8                                                      AppStream 
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.x86_64                                     5.24.7-1.el8                                                      epel      
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                              0.17-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xdg-user-dirs-doc.noarch                                          0.17-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                                          0.10-13.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk-doc.noarch                                      0.10-13.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
xdg-utils.noarch                                                  1.1.3-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
xdotool.x86_64                                                    1:3.20150503.1-10.el8                                             epel      
xdp-tools.x86_64                                                  1.2.10-1.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xe-guest-utilities-latest.x86_64                                  7.30.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
xemacs.x86_64                                                     21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xemacs-common.x86_64                                              21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xemacs-devel.x86_64                                               21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                                          21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xemacs-info.noarch                                                21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xemacs-nox.x86_64                                                 21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xemacs-packages-base.noarch                                       20190327-1.el8                                                    epel      
xemacs-packages-base-el.noarch                                    20190327-1.el8                                                    epel      
xemacs-packages-extra.noarch                                      20191207-1.el8                                                    epel      
xemacs-packages-extra-el.noarch                                   20191207-1.el8                                                    epel      
xemacs-packages-extra-info.noarch                                 20191207-1.el8                                                    epel      
xemacs-xft.x86_64                                                 21.5.34-35.20190323hgc0ed7ef9a5a1.el8                             epel      
xerces-c.x86_64                                                   3.2.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
xerces-c-devel.x86_64                                             3.2.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
xerces-c-doc.noarch                                               3.2.3-5.el8                                                       epel      
xfce-polkit.x86_64                                                0.3-3.el8                                                         epel      
xfce4-about.x86_64                                                4.16.0-2.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-appfinder.x86_64                                            4.16.1-3.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-battery-plugin.x86_64                                       1.1.4-2.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-calculator-plugin.x86_64                                    0.7.1-8.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-clipman-plugin.x86_64                                       1.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-cpufreq-plugin.x86_64                                       1.2.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.x86_64                                      1.2.3-2.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-datetime-plugin.x86_64                                      0.8.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-dev-tools.x86_64                                            4.16.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-dict.x86_64                                                 0.8.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-dict-plugin.x86_64                                          0.8.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-diskperf-plugin.x86_64                                      2.6.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-eyes-plugin.x86_64                                          4.5.1-4.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-fsguard-plugin.x86_64                                       1.1.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-genmon-plugin.x86_64                                        4.1.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-mailwatch-plugin.x86_64                                     1.3.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-mount-plugin.x86_64                                         1.1.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-netload-plugin.x86_64                                       1.4.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-notes-plugin.x86_64                                         1.9.0-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-notifyd.x86_64                                              0.6.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-panel.x86_64                                                4.16.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-panel-devel.x86_64                                          4.16.3-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-panel-profiles.noarch                                       1.0.13-2.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-places-plugin.x86_64                                        1.8.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-power-manager.x86_64                                        4.16.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.x86_64                                    0.4.3-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-screensaver.x86_64                                          4.16.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-screenshooter.x86_64                                        1.9.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-screenshooter-plugin.x86_64                                 1.9.8-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-sensors-plugin.x86_64                                       1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-sensors-plugin-devel.x86_64                                 1.4.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-session.x86_64                                              4.16.0-4.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-settings.x86_64                                             4.16.5-2.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-smartbookmark-plugin.x86_64                                 0.5.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-statusnotifier-plugin.x86_64                                0.2.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-systemload-plugin.x86_64                                    1.3.1-2.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-taskmanager.x86_64                                          1.4.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-terminal.x86_64                                             1.0.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-time-out-plugin.x86_64                                      1.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-timer-plugin.x86_64                                         1.7.1-5.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-verve-plugin.x86_64                                         2.0.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-wavelan-plugin.x86_64                                       0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-weather-plugin.x86_64                                       0.11.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin.x86_64                                   2.5.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfce4-xkb-plugin.x86_64                                           0.8.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
xfconf.x86_64                                                     4.16.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfconf-devel.x86_64                                               4.16.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfdashboard.x86_64                                                0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfdashboard-devel.x86_64                                          0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfdashboard-themes.x86_64                                         0.8.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
xfdesktop.x86_64                                                  4.16.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
xfig.x86_64                                                       3.2.7b-3.el8                                                      epel      
xforms.x86_64                                                     1.2.4-14.el8                                                      epel      
xforms-devel.x86_64                                               1.2.4-14.el8                                                      epel      
xforms-doc.noarch                                                 1.2.4-14.el8                                                      epel      
xfsdump.x86_64                                                    3.1.8-4.0.1.an8                                                   BaseOS    
xfsdump-doc.noarch                                                3.1.8-4.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
xfsprogs-devel.x86_64                                             5.0.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
xfsprogs-doc.noarch                                               5.0.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xfwm4.x86_64                                                      4.16.1-1.el8                                                      epel      
xfwm4-themes.noarch                                               4.10.0-18.el8                                                     epel      
xgnokii.x86_64                                                    0.6.31-29.el8                                                     epel      
xhtml1-dtds.noarch                                                1.0-20020801.13.el8.4                                             AppStream 
xhtml2ps.noarch                                                   1.0-0.39.b7.el8                                                   epel      
xinetd.x86_64                                                     2:2.3.15-25.0.1.an8                                               AppStream 
xinetd-doc.noarch                                                 2:2.3.15-25.0.1.an8                                               PowerTools
xkeyboard-config-devel.noarch                                     2.28-1.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xkeyboard-config-doc.noarch                                       2.28-1.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
xl2tpd.x86_64                                                     1.3.17-1.el8                                                      epel      
xmakemol.x86_64                                                   5.16-10.el8                                                       epel      
xml-commons-apis.noarch                                           1.4.01-31.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                           AppStream 
xmlgraphics-commons.noarch                                        2.3-4.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                               AppStream 
xmlpull.noarch                                                    1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
xmlpull-javadoc.noarch                                            1.2.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                                   1.51.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
xmlrpc-c-c++.x86_64                                               1.51.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                                            1.51.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
xmlrpc-c-client++.x86_64                                          1.51.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xmlrpc-c-devel.x86_64                                             1.51.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xmlrpc-c-doc.noarch                                               1.51.0-8.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xmlsec1.x86_64                                                    1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-devel.x86_64                                              1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-gcrypt.x86_64                                             1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-gnutls.x86_64                                             1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-gnutls-devel.x86_64                                       1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                                1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                                            1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlsec1-openssl-devel.x86_64                                      1.2.25-4.el8                                                      AppStream 
xmlto.x86_64                                                      0.0.28-7.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xmlto-doc.noarch                                                  0.0.28-7.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xmltoman.noarch                                                   0.4-17.el8                                                        AppStream 
xmonad.x86_64                                                     0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
xmonad-basic.x86_64                                               0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
xmonad-config.x86_64                                              0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
xmonad-core.x86_64                                                0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
xmonad-mate.x86_64                                                0.13-7.el8                                                        epel      
xmppc.x86_64                                                      0.1.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
xmppc-doc.noarch                                                  0.1.2-5.el8                                                       epel      
xorg-sgml-doctools.noarch                                         1.11-6.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-apps.x86_64                                              7.7-21.an8_6                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                                              1.7.1-7.el8                                                       AppStream 
xorg-x11-drivers.x86_64                                           7.7-30.an8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                                           19.1.0-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                                         0.3.7-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-dummy-doc.noarch                                     0.3.7-6.0.1.an8.1                                                 PowerTools
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                                         2.10.6-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.x86_64                                   2.10.6-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-doc.noarch                                     2.10.6-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                                         0.5.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                                         2.99.917-41.20210115.an8                                          AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                                      1.0.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput-devel.x86_64                                1.0.1-3.an8                                                       AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                                       1:1.0.15-4.0.1.an8.1                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                                           0.1.5-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.x86_64                                           0.3.0-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                                          2.4.0-3.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                                        13.2.1-8.el8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                                         1.0.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64                          1.0.0-1.an8                                                       AppStream 
xorg-x11-font-utils-doc.noarch                                    1:7.5-41.0.2.an8                                                  PowerTools
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                                      7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                                       7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                             7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch                           7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch                           7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                             7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch                            7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                             7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                                       7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                                    7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                                    7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                                        7.5-19.el8                                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                                       2021.4-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.x86_64                                       1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                                     1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.x86_64                                      1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                                       1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xspice.x86_64                                     0.1.5-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                                       1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                                   21.1.3-7.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                                     1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-devel.x86_64                                      1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-doc.noarch                                        1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                PowerTools
xorg-x11-server-source.noarch                                     1.20.11-15.0.1.an8                                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                                      7.7-27.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xorg-x11-util-macros.noarch                                       1.19.2-1.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                                             7.5-28.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                             1:1.1-10.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                                          1.1.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xorg-x11-xbitmaps-doc.noarch                                      1.1.1-13.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                             1.4.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                                     1.4.0-11.an8                                                      AppStream 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                                         7.7-28.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils-devel.x86_64                                   7.7-28.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils-doc.noarch                                     7.7-28.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
xorg-x11-xtrans-devel.noarch                                      1.4.0-4.an8                                                       AppStream 
xorgxrdp.x86_64                                                   0.9.19-5.el8                                                      epel      
xorgxrdp-glamor.x86_64                                            0.9.19-5.el8                                                      epel      
xorriso1.x86_64                                                   1.5.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
xortool.noarch                                                    0.99-1.el8                                                        epel      
xosd.x86_64                                                       2.2.14-33.el8                                                     epel      
xosd-devel.x86_64                                                 2.2.14-33.el8                                                     epel      
xournalpp.x86_64                                                  1.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
xournalpp-plugins.noarch                                          1.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
xournalpp-ui.noarch                                               1.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
xpanes.noarch                                                     4.1.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
xpdf.x86_64                                                       1:4.04-6.el8                                                      epel      
xpdf-devel.x86_64                                                 1:4.04-6.el8                                                      epel      
xpp3.noarch                                                       1.1.4-28.c.el8                                                    epel      
xpp3-javadoc.noarch                                               1.1.4-28.c.el8                                                    epel      
xpp3-minimal.noarch                                               1.1.4-28.c.el8                                                    epel      
xpra.x86_64                                                       4.4.6-1.el8                                                       epel      
xrdcl-http.x86_64                                                 1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrdp.x86_64                                                       1:0.9.23.1-1.el8                                                  epel      
xrdp-devel.x86_64                                                 1:0.9.23.1-1.el8                                                  epel      
xrdp-selinux.x86_64                                               1:0.9.23.1-1.el8                                                  epel      
xrestop.x86_64                                                    0.4-21.0.1.an8                                                    AppStream 
xrestop-doc.noarch                                                0.4-21.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
xrootd.x86_64                                                     1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-client.x86_64                                              1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-client-devel.x86_64                                        1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-client-libs.x86_64                                         1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-devel.x86_64                                               1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-doc.noarch                                                 1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-fuse.x86_64                                                1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-libs.x86_64                                                1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-private-devel.x86_64                                       1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-scitokens.x86_64                                           1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-selinux.noarch                                             1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-server.x86_64                                              1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-server-devel.x86_64                                        1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-server-libs.x86_64                                         1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xrootd-voms.x86_64                                                1:5.6.2-2.el8                                                     epel      
xsane.x86_64                                                      0.999-30.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xsane-common.x86_64                                               0.999-30.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xsane-gimp.x86_64                                                 0.999-30.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
xscreensaver.x86_64                                               1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-base.x86_64                                          1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-extras.x86_64                                        1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-extras-base.x86_64                                   1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-extras-gss.x86_64                                    1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-gl-base.x86_64                                       1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-gl-extras.x86_64                                     1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xscreensaver-gl-extras-gss.x86_64                                 1:5.45-5.el8                                                      epel      
xsd.x86_64                                                        4.1.0-0.2.a11.el8                                                 epel      
xsd-doc.noarch                                                    4.1.0-0.2.a11.el8                                                 epel      
xsecurelock.x86_64                                                1.8.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
xsel.x86_64                                                       1.2.0-26.el8                                                      epel      
xsensors.x86_64                                                   0.80-9.el8                                                        epel      
xsettingsd.x86_64                                                 1.0.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
xsimd-devel.x86_64                                                8.0.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
xsp.x86_64                                                        4.7.1-0.el8                                                       epel      
xsp-devel.x86_64                                                  4.7.1-0.el8                                                       epel      
xsp-tests.x86_64                                                  4.7.1-0.el8                                                       epel      
xstream.noarch                                                    1.4.20-1.el8                                                      epel      
xstream-benchmark.noarch                                          1.4.20-1.el8                                                      epel      
xstream-javadoc.noarch                                            1.4.20-1.el8                                                      epel      
xterm.x86_64                                                      331-1.0.1.an8.2                                                   AppStream 
xterm-doc.noarch                                                  331-1.0.1.an8.2                                                   PowerTools
xterm-resize.x86_64                                               331-1.0.1.an8.2                                                   AppStream 
xtl-devel.x86_64                                                  0.7.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
xtl-doc.x86_64                                                    0.7.5-2.el8                                                       epel      
xvile.x86_64                                                      9.8t-4.el8                                                        epel      
xwm.x86_64                                                        0.1.9-1.el8                                                       epel      
xz-java.noarch                                                    1.8-8.module+an8.4.0+10285+813f8ad8                               AppStream 
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                             5.2.4-4.an8_6                                                     AppStream 
yad.x86_64                                                        9.3-1.el8                                                         epel      
yadifa.x86_64                                                     2.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
yadifa-devel.x86_64                                               2.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
yadifa-libs.x86_64                                                2.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
yadifa-tools.x86_64                                               2.5.4-1.el8                                                       epel      
yajl.x86_64                                                       2.1.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
yajl-devel.x86_64                                                 2.1.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
yajl-doc.noarch                                                   2.1.0-11.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
yakuake.x86_64                                                    22.08.2-1.el8                                                     epel      
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                                   0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
yaml-cpp-devel.x86_64                                             0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
yaml-cpp-static.x86_64                                            0.6.2-3.el8                                                       epel      
yamllint.noarch                                                   1.32.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
yank.x86_64                                                       1.3.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
yapet.x86_64                                                      2.6-1.el8                                                         epel      
yarnpkg.noarch                                                    1.22.19-2.el8                                                     epel      
yascreen.x86_64                                                   1.97-1.el8                                                        epel      
yascreen-devel.x86_64                                             1.97-1.el8                                                        epel      
yasm.x86_64                                                       1.3.0-7.an8                                                       AppStream 
yelp.x86_64                                                       2:40.3-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
yelp-devel.x86_64                                                 2:40.3-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
yelp-libs.x86_64                                                  2:40.3-2.an8                                                      AppStream 
yelp-tools.noarch                                                 40.0-3.an8                                                        AppStream 
yelp-xsl.noarch                                                   40.2-1.an8                                                        AppStream 
yersinia.x86_64                                                   0.8.2-8.el8                                                       epel      
yggdrasil.x86_64                                                  0.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
ykclient.x86_64                                                   2.15-9.el8                                                        epel      
ykclient-devel.x86_64                                             2.15-9.el8                                                        epel      
ykpers.x86_64                                                     1.20.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
ykpers-devel.x86_64                                               1.20.0-3.el8                                                      epel      
youtube-dl.noarch                                                 2023.08.04.git86e3cf5-1.20230815git86e3cf5.20230815git86e3cf5.el8 epel      
yp-tools.x86_64                                                   4.2.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   AppStream 
yp-tools-doc.noarch                                               4.2.3-2.0.1.an8                                                   PowerTools
ypbind.x86_64                                                     3:2.5-2.0.2.an8                                                   AppStream 
ypbind-doc.noarch                                                 3:2.5-2.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
ypserv.x86_64                                                     4.1-1.0.1.an8                                                     AppStream 
ypserv-doc.noarch                                                 4.1-1.0.1.an8                                                     PowerTools
ytree.x86_64                                                      2.05-1.el8                                                        epel      
yubico-piv-tool.x86_64                                            2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
yubico-piv-tool-devel.x86_64                                      2.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
yubihsm-connector.x86_64                                          3.0.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
yubihsm-shell.x86_64                                              2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
yubihsm-shell-devel.x86_64                                        2.4.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
yubikey-manager.noarch                                            3.1.2-1.20210122gitba049e1.el8                                    epel      
yubioath-desktop.x86_64                                           5.0.5-3.el8                                                       epel      
yuicompressor.noarch                                              2.4.8-5.el8                                                       epel      
yum-utils.noarch                                                  4.0.21-19.an8                                                     BaseOS    
zabbix40.x86_64                                                   4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-agent.x86_64                                             4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-dbfiles-mysql.noarch                                     4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-dbfiles-pgsql.noarch                                     4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-dbfiles-sqlite3.noarch                                   4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-proxy.noarch                                             4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-proxy-mysql.x86_64                                       4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-proxy-pgsql.x86_64                                       4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-proxy-sqlite3.x86_64                                     4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-selinux.noarch                                           4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-server.noarch                                            4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-server-mysql.x86_64                                      4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-server-pgsql.x86_64                                      4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-web.noarch                                               4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-web-mysql.noarch                                         4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix40-web-pgsql.noarch                                         4.0.39-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0.x86_64                                                  6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-agent.x86_64                                            6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-dbfiles-mysql.noarch                                    6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-dbfiles-pgsql.noarch                                    6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-dbfiles-sqlite3.noarch                                  6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-proxy.noarch                                            6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-proxy-mysql.x86_64                                      6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-proxy-pgsql.x86_64                                      6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-proxy-sqlite3.x86_64                                    6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-selinux.noarch                                          6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-server.noarch                                           6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-server-mysql.x86_64                                     6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-server-pgsql.x86_64                                     6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-web.noarch                                              6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-web-mysql.noarch                                        6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zabbix6.0-web-pgsql.noarch                                        6.0.19-1.el8                                                      epel      
zbar.x86_64                                                       0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zbar-devel.x86_64                                                 0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zbar-gtk.x86_64                                                   0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zbar-gtk-devel.x86_64                                             0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zbar-libs.x86_64                                                  0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zbar-qt.x86_64                                                    0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zbar-qt-devel.x86_64                                              0.23.90-5.el8                                                     epel      
zcfan.x86_64                                                      1.2.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
zchunk.x86_64                                                     1.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
zchunk-devel.x86_64                                               1.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
zchunk-libs.x86_64                                                1.3.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-btest.x86_64                                                 4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-btest-data.noarch                                            4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-core.x86_64                                                  4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-devel.x86_64                                                 4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-libcaf.x86_64                                                4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-libcaf-devel.x86_64                                          4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeek-zkg.x86_64                                                   4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zeekctl.x86_64                                                    4.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zenity.x86_64                                                     3.28.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
zenity-doc.noarch                                                 3.28.1-2.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
zerofree.x86_64                                                   1.1.1-3.el8                                                       epel      
zeromq.x86_64                                                     4.3.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
zeromq-devel.x86_64                                               4.3.4-3.el8                                                       epel      
zezere.noarch                                                     0.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
zezere-ignition.noarch                                            0.5-2.el8                                                         epel      
zfp.x86_64                                                        0.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
zfp-devel.x86_64                                                  0.5.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
zile.x86_64                                                       2.6.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
zimg.x86_64                                                       3.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
zimg-devel.x86_64                                                 3.0.5-1.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia.x86_64                                                     0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia-devel.x86_64                                               0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia-doc.noarch                                                 0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia-perl.x86_64                                                0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia-tomoe-ja.x86_64                                            0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia-tomoe-zh_CN.x86_64                                         0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zinnia-utils.x86_64                                               0.06-46.el8                                                       epel      
zint.x86_64                                                       2.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
zint-devel.x86_64                                                 2.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
zint-qt.x86_64                                                    2.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
zint-qt-devel.x86_64                                              2.10.0-1.el8                                                      epel      
zip-doc.noarch                                                    3.0-23.0.1.an8                                                    PowerTools
zlib-static.x86_64                                                1.2.11-19.0.1.an8_6                                               AppStream 
zmap.x86_64                                                       3.0.0-2.el8                                                       epel      
znc.x86_64                                                        1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
znc-clientbuffer.x86_64                                           0-0.17.20190129git9766a4a.el8                                     epel      
znc-devel.x86_64                                                  1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
znc-modperl.x86_64                                                1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
znc-modpython.x86_64                                              1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
znc-modtcl.x86_64                                                 1.8.2-1.el8                                                       epel      
znc-push.x86_64                                                   2.0.0-2.20210311git4243934.el8                                    epel      
zork.x86_64                                                       1.0.3-1.el8                                                       epel      
zram-generator.x86_64                                             1.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                                    1.1.2-2.el8                                                       epel      
zsh.x86_64                                                        5.5.1-10.0.1.an8                                                  BaseOS    
zsh-doc.noarch                                                    5.5.1-10.0.1.an8                                                  PowerTools
zsh-html.noarch                                                   5.5.1-10.0.1.an8                                                  AppStream 
zsh-syntax-highlighting.noarch                                    0.7.1-1.el8                                                       epel      
zstd-doc.noarch                                                   1.5.1-2.0.2.an8                                                   PowerTools
zvbi.x86_64                                                       0.2.35-9.el8                                                      epel      
zvbi-devel.x86_64                                                 0.2.35-9.el8                                                      epel      
zvbi-fonts.noarch                                                 0.2.35-9.el8                                                      epel      
zxing-cpp.x86_64                                                  1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zxing-cpp-devel.x86_64                                            1.2.0-1.el8                                                       epel      
zziplib.x86_64                                                    0.13.71-9.an8                                                     AppStream 
zziplib-devel.x86_64                                              0.13.71-9.an8                                                     AppStream 
zziplib-utils.x86_64                                              0.13.71-9.an8                                                     AppStream 
